0.000123, which corresponds to a distance of 705 Mly, or 216 Mpc.
Complete resolution of 18F-FDG uptake within the measurable target lesion so that it is less than mean liver activity and at the level of surrounding background blood pool activity.
Complete resolution of the lesions is spontaneous and occurs after a few days to many weeks, where it is either resolved completely or enters the tertiary phase, defined by a latent state.
Complete responses have been achieved with this medication.
Complete results and medal winners were published.
Complete results, and the results of British athletes were published.
Complete results for men, junior men, medallists and the results of British athletes were published.
Complete results for men, junior men, women (Vichy), women (Frederick), medallists, and the results of British athletes were published.
Complete results for Men's Slalom competition at the 2011 World Championships, run on Sunday, February 20.
Complete results for senior men, for senior men's teams, for men's short race, for men's short race teams, for junior men, for junior men's teams, senior women, for senior women's teams, for women's short race, for women's short race teams, for junior women, for junior women's teams, medallists, and the results of British athletes who took part were published.
Complete results for Women's Giant Slalom competition at the 2011 World Championships, run on Thursday, February 17.
Complete results for Women's Slalom competition at the 2011 World Championships, run on Saturday, February 19.
Complete results, medal winners until 2011, and the results for the Mexican athletes were published.
Complete results were published for men, for women, for men's team, and for women's team.
Complete reversal of all organs is known as situs inversus, while reversal of some organs but not others is called situs ambiguus or heterotaxy.
Complete Savages is an American sitcom that was broadcast on ABC from September 2004 to June 2005.
Complete School is an educational product aimed at secondary or high school students studying Mathematics or English.
Complete scientific or technical documentation of the process used to compute P-MP values has never been published, and P-MP measurements have never been made without the cooperation of DxO Labs.
Complete sets exist in several public collections, including the Tate Gallery in London, the National Art Library at the Victoria and Albert Museum, Yale Center for British Art in the USA.
Complete sets of original volumes recently sold at auction for more than A$350,000.
Complete Singles Collection is the third compilation album by English punk rock band the Anti-Nowhere League.
Complete skulls and postcranial fossils have since been described.
Complete small sets of weights were gifts to newly wedded men.
Complete Songs & Poems is a compilation album of all the songs from J. R. R. Tolkien's The Lord of the Rings set to music by The Tolkien Ensemble.
Complete Sports is a Nigerian daily national sports newspaper and has its headquarters in Isolo, a local government area in Lagos State.
Complete Sports is circulated around Nigeria and some parts of Benin Republic and Cameroun thus making it one of the most circulated newspaper in West Africa.
Complete stories focused on come-uppances, monsters and other menaces, tales of sorrow or lightheartedness, and some made their point without supernatural elements, such as Mr Walenski's Secret and Sticks and Stones.
Complete Stories is the collection of short stories by Dorothy Parker.
Complete Stories of J. G. Ballard is a short-story collection by J. G. Ballard, published in 2009 by W. W. Norton & Company.
Complete Stories won the 1972 U.S. National Book Award for Fiction.
Complete Streets allow for safe travel by those walking, cycling, driving automobiles, riding public transportation, or delivering goods.
Complete Streets are promoted as offering improved safety, health, economic, and environmental outcomes.
Complete Streets emphasize the importance of safe access for all users, not just automobiles.
Complete streets is a transportation policy and design approach that requires streets to be planned, designed, operated, and maintained to enable safe, convenient and comfortable travel and access for users of all ages and abilities regardless of their mode of transportation.
Complete Studio Box Set is an anthology box set by American post-punk band Savage Republic, released in 2002 by Mobilization Records.
Complete submission instructions can be found on Psi Chi's website.
Complete Surrender is the third studio album by English folk pop duo Slow Club.
Complete Tax merged with eSmart Tax as of December 26, 2012.
CompleteTax was an online tax preparation software for individuals to use to prepare and file their federal and state income tax returns.
Complete testing of a web-based system before going live can help address issues before the system is revealed to the public.
Complete the clove hitch 3.
Complete, this album marks a return to the more traditional My Dying Bride doom sound and style of lyrics.
Complete transit itineraries between Santa Cruz and San Francisco Bay Area cities and major airports are available from iridethebus.org.
Complete turnover of all stores occurred in early October.
Complete understanding of the relationship between mechanical parameters in vascular occlusions is a critical issue, which can play an important role in the future diagnosis, understanding and treatment of vascular diseases.
Complete Unknown is a 2016 American-British drama mystery thriller film, directed by Joshua Marston, from a screenplay by Marston and Julian Sheppard.
Complete UNO language bindings exist for C++ (compiler-dependent), Java, Object REXX, Python, and Tcl.
Complete urethral obstruction is fatal if left untreated.
Complete Vanguard Recordings is a compilation album by the progressive bluegrass band Country Gentlemen, which they recorded for the Vanguard Records label.
Complete versions of the Huanglan existed until the Song dynasty (960-1279), when it became a lost work, although some quotations did survive in other encyclopedias and anthologies.
Complete Warrior is a supplemental rulebook for the 3.5 edition of the Dungeons and Dragons role-playing game, published by Wizards of the Coast.
Complete with a half hitch, moving around the object in the opposite direction as the first turns, as for a cow hitch.
Complete with a Palladian window over the chancel, it most closely resembles St James's Church, Piccadilly.
Complete with computer animation and 3D graphics, the video was considered to be one of the most expensive at the time.
Complete with sidings and a shed, it is the engineering base of the railway.
Complete Works is a collection of all the works of one artist, writer, musician, group, etc.
Complete Works is a comedy web series first aired on the subscription website, Hulu in 2014.
Complete Works is a two-volume compilation album series of the titular complete works of space rock group Spiritualized.
Complete works of classical music are not played, but rather selected movements, which can be enjoyed individually.
Complete Works of William Shakespeare is the standard name given to any volume containing all the plays and poems of William Shakespeare.
Completing a Bachelor of Science at Adelaide University he then went on to complete his PhD in 2008 on mallee trees at Flinders University.
Completing a degree in English at University in Dundee, Redmayne played for the Dundee High School Former Pupils Rugby Club; Dundee HSFP.
Completing a full row across makes that row disappear.
Completing a hunt can require reaching different locations and solving puzzles.
Completing a Master of Speech Pathology in 2011, Evans now mixes creative endeavor with running a part-time consultancy in collaboration with several Ear, Nose and Throat Surgeons in Melbourne.
Completing a mission successfully lets the player advance to the next mission.
Completing an adventure can require reaching different locations and solving puzzles.
Completing an Eagle Project is a requirement in order for Boy Scouts to attain the Eagle Scout rank.
Completing basic training and qualifying as a M1 rifle marksman, Ralph's occupational specialty was to be a radio operator with the 3132nd Sonic CompanyThe 3132nd Sonic Company was composed of US Army soldiers participating in a classified unit named the 23rd Headquarters Special Troops.
Completing her contract with Atlantic Records after eleven years with the company, it was released in March and April 2005 on most international music markets, marking her final release with the label.
Completing his contract with his record company, it was released by 19 Recordings in association with RCA Records and Sony Music on 14 October 2013, marking Young's final release with the label.
Completing his Master's degree on Orthostates in Tall Halaf in 2011.
Completing his primary education at the Ela Beach Primary School, Nigel Agonia went on to complete his High School at Barker College, Hornsby N.S.W., Australia where he developed into a promising athlete.
Completing medical school, Haughton had difficulty finding internships due to widespread discrimination against blacks.
Completing missions earns money to be spent towards replenished supplies and player upgrades.
Completing Squad Leaders School, Water Survival Instructor School and Nuclear, Biological and Chemical Defense School, he was reassigned as a Squad Leader.
Completing the animation for the film required up to 140 animators, the largest crew ever used by Sony Pictures Animation for a film.
Completing the climb on his 20th birthday in 2006, Rhys beat the previous world record set by Danielle Fisher and previous British record set by Jake Meyer one year earlier.
Completing the contracts and continuing the construction of the ships is the first example of joint planning by the Iraqi Ministry of Defense Policy and Requirements office and military staffs.
Completing the court were, Angelica Recto Alita, 20, first runner-up; and Jehza Mae Sotillo Huelar, 20, second runner-up.
Completing the full set of available materials (510 items) takes an average of 35.4 minutes.
Completing the judges panel are food writer and broadcaster Simon Majumdar and current Iron Chef Michael Symon.
Completing the line-up was Miller, a friend of Law since they met at the National Youth Music Theater in their late teens.
Completing the list was the Mister International Facebook fan vote winner.
Completing the picture are striptease venues such as Browns and The Olde Ax (Clifton 2002), a bingo hall, fast-food outlets and building sites.
Completing the Ranger Indoctrination Program, he was deployed several times to both Iraq and Afghanistan as a member of the 2nd Battalion, 75th Ranger Regiment.
Completing the remaining 500 MW will depend on finding a buyer for the electricity.
Completing these additional quests or exploring these secret areas allow for even more in-game items, adding additional content to the game.
Completing the Secapaad course is one of few routes of becoming a commissioned officer in the Army.
Completing these mini-games will earn friendship points which Hello Kitty can then use to ride the bus or train, purchase new outfits and items, decorate and customize her apartment, and progress in her journey.
Completing these puzzles creates ambient music that continues to play in the environment and unlocks portions of an in-game music synthesis that allows players to create their own music.
Completing the square is a fourth building in similar materials, built in a rectangular shape with modern colonnade breezeway, housing Bell offices.
Completing the temple's devastation was the eventual collapse of the built-up portion of its supporting platform, causing the south-eastern corner of the temple to precipitate on to the Temple of Montuhotep immediately below.
Completing the text in 1950, Agee wrote to John Huston that the protagonist was a "12-year-old boy (roughly myself) at edge of puberty, peak of certain kinds of hypersensitive introversion, isolation, and a certain priggishness."
Completing the theory and pool training at the local dive shop saves on vacation time and allows the learner more time to practice and develop skills as the time pressure is reduced.
Completing the triangle are the two white main sequence stars Beta and Gamma Trianguli Australis.
Completing the turn with both skis parallel as they carve an arcing turn sliding sideways together.
Completing the winners were Elaine Kay Tancio Moll, first runner-up and Annalie Mallari Forbes, second runner-up.
Completing this, the frigate and pilot vessel weighed anchor off Annapolis on 30 March and proceeded down the bay, plotting a night passage into the Atlantic.
Completion funding was provided by the UK Film Council.
Completion, in petroleum production, is the process of making a well ready for production (or injection).
Completion is anticipated in November 2017 and the property will hold a wide-ranging mix of retail, office buildings, a 120-room Hilton Home2Suites hotel, and 330 apartments.
Completion is expected by 2019 and the campus will have an ultimate capacity of 1000 students.
Completion is expected December 2018.
Completion is expected in March 2015.
Completionist is the second studio album by American Christian metal band Blood of the Martyrs.
Completion of a CAMPEP-accredited residency allows one to sit for board examinations administered through the American Board of Radiology.
Completion of a large, open waterfront pavilion occurred in 2015 to accommodate weddings and events.
Completion of all assignments on a specific task normally renders the task completed.
Completion of a proficiency check administered by a check airman (typically air carrier pilots) can also be used.
Completion of certain learning activity can allow online games to be accessed, and in the case of art created on the device, the art can be further embellished online and printed with a printer accessible by the user's computer.
Completion of development is uncertain due to layoffs of most of the development team and no major publishers signed.
Completion of Gavins Point Dam in 1957, 5 miles upriver from the former location of Strahmburg, greatly reduced the risk of floods on the river.
Completion of MCI courses was generally required for promotion to the next Marine enlisted rank.
Completion of security studies training can also improve a candidate's chances of gaining employment in law enforcement, the military, or the correctional system.
Completion of the 1978 the National Urban Recreation Study, the first comprehensive assessment of the Nation's urban recreation problems and options for local, State and Federal action; & Reducing paperwork and shortening project approval time for the States through new consolidated grant applications for the Land and Water Conservation Fund (P.L. 95-42), increasing its funding to $900 million for FY1978, and increasing public participation in the Statewide Comprehensive Outdoor Recreation Plan process.
Completion of the bridge is tentatively scheduled for 2012.
Completion of the bridge was a factor in the decision to build Naval Air Station Whidbey Island and helped Oak Harbor flourish.
Completion of the CSI's FMA program does not constitute registration with the securities commission of the province in which the FMA holder resides and does not qualify the FMA holder to provide recommendations or advice with respect to the buying or selling of specific securities.
Completion of the degree requires 120 undergraduate credits and 90 graduate credits.
Completion of the divestiture should be complete by the end of 2018.LifeScan manufactures and markets the OneTouch Ultra and One Touch Verio families of products for home use.
Completion of the entire West Gate Distributor project, including off-ramps from the West Gate Freeway, will hinge on whether the Government proceeds with a rival project, the $5.5 billion Western Distributor, which was an unsolicited proposal by infrastructure company Transurban revealed in March 2015.
Completion of the four-year program results in an American Bachelor of Science awarded by RIT, and an equivalent Croatian degree awarded by ACMT.
Completion of the last segment of the highway occurred on June 5, 2015.
Completion of the park occurred on December 8, 2015 with a dedication ceremony followed by tours of the park.
Completion of the pathways is slated for 2020.
Completion of the rail bridge in 1902 led to relocation of the terminal from East Robson to Castlegar, where a rail station was built.
Completion of these twelve steps leaves the dancers in the same position as at the start.
Completion of the Seven Summits endeavor came on May 16, 2002 when Ershler and her husband reached the summit of Mount Everest.
Completion of the (short form) census is mandatory for all Canadians, and those who do not complete it may face penalties ranging from fines to prison sentences.
Completion of the single player game gives the player a code which can be entered to unlock 'Another World' for the single player game, which features subtle changes to the existing levels to increase their difficulty and changes to all backdrops to resemble levels from Bubble Bobble.
Completion of the system is not anticipated until 2029, but substantial portions of the system have already opened and are currently operational.
Completion of the transit center occurred in 1990 and was completed in conjunction with the Harrison Avenue (now Martin Luther King Drive) viaduct reconstruction.
Completion of this game would give players a code which would allow them to enter a competition in the magazine.
Completion of this, or a similar course, is part of the standards for certification.
Completion rates currently average about 1.5 per day, making the series one of the most numerous of all homebuilt aircraft.
Completion stage practices can also include subtle body energy practices.
Completion was accelerated and the family occupied the house in 1860 based on a rumor that the unfinished structure was about to be confiscated to serve as a base hospital during the Civil War.
Completion was delayed by disputes between the Hollywood producers and Washington.
Completion was delayed until 1861, and it was only ever a rural branch line, serving the towns of Ingleton, Kirkby Lonsdale and Sedbergh.
Completion was expected in 2011, however due to underbudgeting for electricity for the railway station the project stalled, delaying the completion of the station.
Completion was originally expected in June 2013, but has been delayed as no buyer for the electricity has been established.
Completoria is a fungal genus in the monotypic family Completoriaceae, of the order Entomophthorales.
Completoria is itself monotypic, containing a single species, Completoria complens.
Complex 3D nanoscale structures exist in the form of folded linear molecules such as DNA origami and proteins.
Complex 9 (LC-9) at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station is a launch pad on Cape Canaveral in Florida.
Complex active bodies that enable and perhaps require a measure of intelligence have evolved three times, in arthropods, cephalopods, and vertebrates.
Complex adaptive leadership (CAL) is a complementary approach to leadership based on a polyarchic assumption (i.e. leadership of the many by the many), rather than based on an oligarchic assumption (i.e. leadership of the many by the few).
Complex administration processes like patching the database software, backing up databases and enabling point-in-time recovery are managed automatically.
Complex, aggressive guitar lines and a driving rhythm section competed for space with strongly melodic vocals, which were frequently obscured beneath a bevy of vocal effects; this sonic juxtaposition earned strong critical reactions, both positive and negative, for the band's releases.
Complex aircraft finance (such as those schemes employed by airlines) shares many characteristics with maritime finance, and to a lesser extent with project finance.
Complexa is red Portuguese wine grape used in the production of Madeira.
Complex analysis, traditionally known as the theory of functions of a complex variable, is the branch of mathematics that investigates functions of complex numbers.
Complex analytic dynamics is the study of the dynamics of specifically analytic functions.
Complex and Adaptive Systems Laboratory (CASL) is an interdisciplinary research institute in University College Dublin.
Complex applications combine different types of problems, so picking the right language for each job may be more productive than trying to fit all aspects into a single language.
Complexation of an aromatic ring to chromium stabilizes both anions and cations at the benzylic position and provides a steric blocking element for diastereoselective functionalization of the benzylic position.
Complex audits utilize software applications, direct bargaining with service providers and activity reports that include detail down to an individual employee's usage.
Complex cells, like protozoa or algae, show remarkable abilities to organize themselves in changing circumstances.
Complex cells receive inputs from a number of simple cells.
Complex CEO Rich Antoniello was named among the Silicon Alley 100.
Complex channel-channel modulations are also possible.
Complex charging arrangements were also put in place whereby the newly created companies paid abstraction charges to the NRA for water removed from surface and ground waters but the NRA then had to pay to have such waters released into rivers.
Complex combinations and international gourmet expertise have given Hong Kong the reputable labels of "Gourmet Paradise" and "World's Fair of Food".
Complex consist of six 6-storey, one 10-storey, two 11-storey buildings.
Complex construction techniques such as joinery began in the early dynastic period of ancient Egypt.
Complex contagion is the phenomenon in social networks in which multiple sources of exposure to an innovation are required before an individual adopts the change of behavior.
Complex contracts are often necessary for construction projects, goods or services that are highly regulated, goods or services with detailed technical specifications, intellectual property (IP) agreements, outsourcing and international trade.
Complex currently reaches over 120 million unique users per month across its owned and operated and partner sites, socials and YouTube channels.
Complex design allows renting offices from 40 to 3,000 m2 in a single plant.
Complex dynamics is the study of dynamical systems defined by iteration of functions on complex number spaces.
Complex early seral forest habitat is threatened from fire suppression, thinning, and post-fire or post-insect outbreak logging.
Complex early seral forests develop with rich biodiversity because the remaining biomass provides resources to many life forms and because of habitat heterogeneity provided by the disturbances that generated them.
Complex early seral forests, or snag forests, are ecosystems that occupy potentially forested sites after a stand-replacement disturbance and before re-establishment of a closed forest canopy.
Complex electro-mechanical speed control systems used to maintain speeds in modern cars (cruise control) - often including hydraulic components, An aircraft engine's constant speed unit changes the propellor pitch to maintain engine speed.
Complexe Moteurs Tracteurs, also known as CMT, was an Algerian manufacturer of agricultural machinery, tractors, and engines for several Algerian motor vehicle manufacturers such as Enmtp and SNVI.
Complex equality is a theory of justice outlined by Michael Walzer in his work Spheres of Justice.
Complexes are believed by Carl Jung and Sigmund Freud to influence an individual's attitude and behavior.
Complexes are institutions that have both detention and correctional facilities.
Complexes are lithodemic units (rock units that are not layered or stratigraphically bound) usually of regional extent.
Complexes that undergo dissociative substitution are often coordinatively saturated and often have octahedral molecular geometry.
Complex event processing, or CEP, is event processing that combines data from multiple sources to infer events or patterns that suggest more complicated circumstances.
Complex existence is widely agreed upon in the area of depth psychology, a branch of psychology that asserts the most significant parts of your personality are derived from your unconscious.
Complex eyes appeared first within the few million years of the Cambrian explosion.
Complex floating harbors were being built that allowed more ships to enter or leave on each tide.
Complex food is taken into a specialist digestive system and broken down into small pieces to be absorbed.
Complex formation allows proteolytic activation of procaspase into the active caspase form which results in the initiation of apoptosis (cell death).
Complex games could and did take days or even weeks, and AH set up a system for people to play games by mail.
Complex General Surgical Oncology was ratified by a specialty Board certification in 2011 from the American Board of Surgery.
Complex gestural systems have also been reported in the southern, central, and western desert regions, the Gulf of Carpentaria (including north-east Arnhem Land and the Tiwi Islands), some Torres Strait Islands, and the southern regions of the Fitzmaurice and Kimberley areas.
Complex has been named by Business Insider as one of the Most Valuable Startups in New York, and Most Valuable Private Companies in the World.
Complex I intermediate-associated protein 30, mitochondrial (CIA30), or NADH dehydrogenase [ubiquinone] 1 alpha subcomplex assembly factor 1 (NDUFAF1), is a protein that in humans is encoded by the NDUFAF1 or CIA30 gene.
Complex, image-forming eyes have evolved independently several times.
Complexin-1 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the CPLX1 gene.
Complexin-2 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the CPLX2 gene.
Complexion in humans is the natural color, texture, and appearance of the skin, especially on the face.
ComplexionsThe company is ASX listed and in 2017 reported revenues of $674.6 million.
Complex irrigation systems were built in the 9th century.
Complex is an American New York-based media platform for youth culture which was founded as a bi-monthly magazine by fashion designer Marc (Ecko) Milecofsky.
Complex is an extended play released in 1985 by Rifle Sport on Ruthless Records.
Complex issues and injuries involving the musculoskeletal system are usually handled by a physiatrist (specialist in physical medicine and rehabilitation) or an orthopedic surgeon.
Complex issues of Tyson's culpability arise as DeMille slowly reveals more detail surrounding what really happened.
Complexities of emotion and dramatic structure are neatly avoided by keeping all the menfolk offstage . . .
"Complexity" and "Core" appear to be new songs at the time of release.
Complexity can be added to waterfall charts with multiple total columns and values that cross the axis.
Complexity economics is the application of complexity science to the problems of economics.
Complexity in the domain of expressive culture, music, and the social organization of complex musical traditions is one of his major specialties.
Complexity in this context does not refer to an intrinsic property of the system but to the possibility of representing the systems in a plurality of non-equivalent ways depending on the pre-analytical choices of the observer.
Complexity in this context means processor logic, i.e. its area.
Complexity is a peer-reviewed open-access scientific journal covering the field of complex adaptive systems.
Complexity is spawned by an ever-changing landscape of customer demand and companies' attempts to meet that demand with configurable products and more product variations.
Complexity looks at the structure of one's thoughts, while ignoring the contents.
Complexity management is a business methodology that deals with the analysis and optimization of complexity in enterprises.
Complexity management recently emerged at top of the agenda due to new technology enablement, leading to detailed analytics and simulation of complexity optimization measures and their related domino effects within the entire value chain.
Complexity of the structure results in symmetry lowering (likely due to ordering of cations) from the typical centrosymmetrical group to R3 space group.
Complexity of this method is associated with electro-osmosis generated by electric field influence on the double layers of the sample cell walls.
Complexity, Problem Solving, and Sustainable Societies is a paper on energy economics by Joseph Tainter from 1996.
Complexity science has provided further explanations showing how urban structures emerge from the uncoordinated action of multiple individuals in highly regular ways.
Complexity theory and organizations, also called complexity strategy or complex adaptive organizations, is the use of the study of complexity systems in the field of strategic management and organizational studies.
Complexity theory emphasizes interactions and the accompanying feedback loops that constantly change systems.
Complexity theory is an interdisciplinary theory that grew out of systems theory in the 1960s.
Complexity varies from low, with a single microcontroller chip, to very high with multiple units, peripherals and networks mounted inside a large chassis or enclosure.
Complex Kanban boards can be created that visualize the flow of work across a whole value stream map.
Complexly LLC is an American online video production company, with bases in Missoula, Montana, and Indianapolis, Indiana.
Complex magazine named Gerstmann in their top 25 biggest celebrities in the video game industry.
Complex (magazine) puts the album at number 37 on their 50 Greatest Rap Albums 1980s.
Complex mathematical models have been, and are, common; deceivingly simple models only have their roots in the late forties, and took the advent of the microcomputer to really get up to speed.
Complex metal hydrides are salts wherein the anions contain hydrides.
Complex metallic alloys (CMAs) of complex intermetallics (CIMs) are intermetallic compounds characterized by the following structural features: large unit cells, comprising some tens up to thousands of atoms, the presence of well-defined atom clusters, frequently of icosahedral point group symmetry, the occurrence of inherent disorder in the ideal structure.
Complex molecules are made up of carbon bonded with other elements, especially oxygen and hydrogen and frequently also with nitrogen, phosphorus and sulfur.
Complex named it amongst the best albums of October 2013.
Complex named it the 36th best album of 2016.
Complex named it the 82nd best song of the decade.
Complex named the song number 14 on their list of the best 50 songs of 2012, and Pitchfork named it number 49 on their list of the top 100 tracks of 2012.
Complex network: an enterprise-wide network that uses multiple communication media and communication protocols to interconnect geographically distributed networks with dissimilar hardware and software platforms would be classified as a complex network.
Complex numbers are taught, for instance, by asking the reader to imagine that there are tiny clocks attached to subatomic particles.
Complex numbers are used again, and there are circles and tori rotating and being transformed.
Complexodus is an extinct conodont genus in the family Pterospathodontidae.
Complexometric indicators are also known as pM indicators.
Complexometric titrations are particularly useful for the determination of a mixture of different metal ions in solution.
Complexometric titration (sometimes chelatometry) is a form of volumetric analysis in which the formation of a colored complex is used to indicate the end point of a titration.
Complex organ functions or general characteristic changes in biological structures can also serve as biomarkers.
Complex organic products can be obtained simply.
Complex organizational procedures (first - testing) aims to determine the level of academic performance of secondary schools during their admission to higher education.
Complex oxide materials are notable for their wide range of magnetic and electronic properties, such as ferromagnetism, ferroelectricity, and high-temperature superconductivity.
Complex partial status epilepticus (CPSE) is one of the non-convulsive forms of status epilepticus, a rare form of epilepsy defined by its recurrent nature.
Complex parts and assemblies can be directly made in one go, to a greater extent than in earlier forms of manufacturing such as casting, forming, metal fabrication, and machining.
Complex perceptions are often multi-sensory perceptions.
Complex perceptions like voice recognition or discrimination of similar sound sequences need experience and can generally be trained.
Complex phenotypes often require multiple traits working together in order to function properly.
Complex pit shapes allowing multiple channels to be stored on one track.
Complex placed it at number 21 on the "50 Best Albums of 2016" list.
Complex Pop Culture placed her 23rd of The 25 Greatest TV Villains of All Time.
Complex post-traumatic stress disorder (C-PTSD; also known as complex trauma disorder) is a psychological disorder that occurs as a result of repetitive, prolonged trauma involving sustained abuse or abandonment by a caregiver or other interpersonal relationships with an uneven power dynamic.
Complex questions can but do not have to be fallacious, as in being an informal fallacy.
Complex ranked "1-800-Suicide" at #22 on their list of the 25 most violent rap songs of all time.
Complex ranked "FuckWithMeYouKnowIGotIt" number 20 on their list of the 50 best songs of 2013.
Complex recursive processes could be applied to create program source code, job execution sequences, simulated dynamic input from virtual consoles, and in general provide scripting capabilities reminiscent of the Unix GREP and YACC tools.
Complex Regional Pain Syndrome (CRPS), also known as Reflex Sympathetic Dystrophy (RSD), is a disorder of a portion of the body, usually starting in a limb, which manifests as extreme pain, swelling, limited range of motion, and changes to the skin and bones.
Complex Regional Pain Syndrome is uncommon, and its cause isn't clearly understood.
Complex response modelsPK/PD modeling has its importance at each step of the drug development and it has shown its usefulness in many diseases.
Complex rice cookers may have many more sensors and other components, and may be multipurpose.
Complex Routing can be accomplished by external .NET or BizTalk driver services.
Complex sales, also known as Enterprise sales, can refer to a method of trading sometimes used by organizations when procuring large contracts for goods and/or services where the customer takes control of the selling process by issuing a Request for Proposal (RFP) and requiring a proposal response from previously identified or interested suppliers.
Complex sales involve long sales cycles with multiple decision makers.
Complex segregation analysis (CSA) is a technique within genetic epidemiology to determine whether there is evidence that a major gene underlies the distribution of a given phenotypic trait.
Complex shapes emerge as the flake moves through differing temperature and humidity zones in the atmosphere, such that individual snowflakes differ in detail from one another, but may be categorized in eight broad classifications and at least 80 individual variants.
Complex Simplicity is the debut studio album by American singer Teedra Moses.
Complex society in Norte Chico arose a millennium after Sumer in Mesopotamia, was contemporaneous with the Egyptian pyramids, and predated the Mesoamerican Olmec by nearly two millennia.
Complex software designed for use on a personal computer, for example, may have a related app designed for use on a mobile device.
Complex sounds such as speech or music are decomposed by the peripheral auditory system of humans into narrow frequency bands.
Complex splicing events may take place in a tissue-specific manner, resulting in marked dissimilarity in the 5' UTRs.
Complex structures and dependencies are modeled using a graphical interface.
Complex systems are systems whose behavior is intrinsically difficult to model due to the dependencies, relationships, or other types of interactions between their parts or between a given system and its environment.
Complex systems are universes, galaxies, social systems, people, or even those that seem as simple as gasses.
Complex systems biology (CSB) is a branch or subfield of mathematical and theoretical biology concerned with complexity of both structure and function in biological organisms, as well as the emergence and evolution of organisms and species, with emphasis being placed on the complex interactions of, and within, bionetworks, and on the fundamental relations and relational patterns that are essential to life.
Complex Systems is a quarterly peer-reviewed open access scientific journal covering subjects ranging across a number of scientific and engineering fields, including computational biology, computer science, mathematics, and physics.
Complex systems of gears and levers are another application.
Complex text layout (abbreviated CTL) or complex text rendering refers to the typesetting of writing systems in which the shape or positioning of a grapheme depends on its relation to other graphemes.
Complex training, also known as contrast training or post-activation potentiation training, involves the integration of strength training and plyometrics in a training system designed to improve explosive power.
Complex training relies upon the performance of a strength exercise, often resistance based, followed by a plyometric exercise.
Complex traits, also known as quantitative traits, are traits that do not behave according to simple Mendelian inheritance laws.
Complex variations of it can also lead to schizophrenia.
Complex vertebral malformation or CVM is a lethal hereditary syndrome found in Holstein cattle.
Complex Vol. 1 is an alternative hip hop compilation album released on Lex Records on 21 April 2012.
Complex wells that are many hundreds or thousands of meters below ground are extended even further through drilling of horizontal or directional sections.
Complex were an English band formed in 1968 consisting of lead guitarist Brian Lee, lead vocalist and drummer Tony Shakespeare, bass guitarist Lance Fogg and rhythm guitarist Tony Fisher.
"Complex World" became a local hit getting airplay on local radio.
Compliance and cooperation with the NNC was entirely voluntary on the part of news organizations.
Compliance and Robustness, sometimes abbreviated as C&R, refers to the legal structure or regime underlying a Digital Rights Management (DRM) system.
Compliance audits tend to be the primary type in the US or within US-based multinationals.
Compliance costs normally include all costs associated with obeying the law, including planning and administration, in addition to the direct time and money spent filing paperwork.
Compliance deadline dates depend on the size of the institution and the sector in which it operates.
Compliance gaining is a term used in the social sciences that encompasses the intentional act of altering another's behavior.
Compliance is a 2012 American thriller film written and directed by Craig Zobel, and starring Ann Dowd, Dreama Walker, and Pat Healy.
Compliance is governed through the issuance of an Air Operator Certificate (AOC) and an Operator's License (OL).
Compliance is monitored by the UN Committee on the Rights of the Child, which is composed of members from countries around the world.
Compliance is when people appear to agree with others but actually keep their dissenting opinions private.
Compliance occurs to obtain safety or protection or out of fear.
ComplianceOnline, part of MetricStream, is a compliance training provider based in Palo Alto, California.
Compliance requirements are only guidelines for compliance with the hundreds of laws and regulations applicable to the specific type assistance used by the recipient, and their objectives are generic in nature due to the large number of federal programs.
Compliance shall guarantee interoperability of tools from different vendors, allow data exchange without the need for converters, and facilitate the exchange of unambiguous specification between customers and suppliers.
Compliance took many years.
Compliance training refers to the process of educating employees on laws, regulations and company policies that apply to their day-to-day job responsibilities.
Compliance was ensured by Workplace Ombudsman inspectors, with powers to investigate disputes and enforce valid claims.
Compliance Week is located in Boston, Massachusetts, with correspondents and columnists in Washington, D.C., Chicago, London, Brussels, Hong Kong, and also in other places around the world.
Compliance Week is published by Wilmington Group plc, is the leading news, analysis and information resource for the ethics, governance, risk, and compliance professions.
Compliance with MCERTS gives the EA confidence in the monitoring of emissions to the environment.
Compliance with the above requirements and obligations, requires meeting certain conditions.
Compliance with the code means that woodland carbon projects are responsibly and sustainably managed to national standards; will have reliable estimates for the amount of carbon that will be sequestered or locked up as a result of the tree planting; be publicly registered and independently verified; and meet transparent criteria and standards to ensure that real carbon benefits are delivered.
Compliance with the code was indicated by the "Seal of Good Practice", displayed during closing credits on most United States television programs, and on some US TV station sign-on and sign-offs from 1952 - 1983.
Compliance with the ICMJE Recommendations is required by most leading biomedical journals.
Compliance with the King Reports is a requirement for companies listed on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange.
Compliance with the operations manual will generally be considered as activity approved by the persons legally responsible for the organization.
Compliance with the Principles is the basis for accreditation at the UN, which, uniquely for NHRIs, is not conducted directly by a UN body but by a sub-committee of the International Coordinating Committee of National Human Rights Institutions (ICC).
Compliance with the revised directive became mandatory on 21 March 2010.
Compliance with these laws is tedious and time-consuming.
Compliance with the standard is legally required for the construction of all fire extinguishers in the European Union.
Compliance with the submission component of UDI compliance is phased according to the Class of device.
Compliance with this policy should, as usual, be measured by regular audits.
Compliance with this standard requires to fulfill the requirements of the Construction Product Regulation for construction products (short CPR), which are placed on the EU market with the intention to become permanent parts of a construction.
Compliant applications are source code portable between LAM/MPI and any other implementation of MPI.
Compliant bonding is used to connect gold wires to electrical components such as integrated circuit "chips".
Compliant towers are designed to sustain significant lateral deflections and forces, and are typically used in water depths ranging from 1,500 to 3,000 feet (450 to 900 m).
Complicated engineering is not needed and the footbridges are built with readily available materials and basic tools.
Complicated Game is the ninth studio album by American folk rock musician James McMurtry, released on 24 February 2015 by Complicated Game Records.
Complicated is an album by Country recording artist Tanya Tucker.
Complicated Mess is the second studio album of American singer-songwriter Debra Arlyn.
Complicated Mind is the second full-length studio album by the Japanese band Doom.
Complicated notification systems are used by businesses to reach whenever necessary critical employees.
Complicated sigale gale could be life sized and featured actuation using wet moss or sponges that could be squeezed to make the dolls appear to cry.
"Complicated" SSSIs included infections either involving deeper soft tissue or requiring significant surgical intervention, such as infected ulcers, burns, and major abscesses or a significant underlying disease state that complicates the response to treatment.
Complicating factors in urban warfare include the presence of civilians and the complexity of the urban terrain.
Complicating her plans are her prodigal daughter Angel, who returns to town seeking to reconnect with the people and places she long ago left behind.
Complicating matters, and inspiring many of the album's songs, were frontman Chino Moreno's drug addictions and the crumbling of his marriage.
Complicating matters further are the changes from 2010 onwards as certifications have become based on a combined figure of sales and streaming, instead of sales alone.
Complicating matters more was that Booth had a brain tumor that could kill him at any moment and leave Gus without a way to clear himself.
Complicating our historical understanding, Restrepo noted in 2009 that the thesis of the multiple realizability of the mental was held by Turing at least ten years before the usually attributed authors described the phenomenon.
Complicating the legal analysis are jurisdictional issues that are common when nation states attempt to regulate any activity.
Complicating the problem was the fact that some of the investment securities held by the SIVs were valued by a computer model developed by the securities traders and investment banks.
Complicating the situation are his girlfriend Neeta (Nanda), who has been acting mysteriously ever since she began her new job, and hotel dancer Miss Lily (Helen), who tries to seduce the good police inspector, but may find that she loses her heart instead.
Complication after complication set in...
Complication can include blockage of the artery to the eye with resulting blindness, aortic dissection, and aortic aneurysm.
Complication, in medicine, is an unfavorable evolution or consequence of a disease, a health condition or a therapy.
Complication may include collapse of the bone or nearby joint surface.
Complication may include injury to the artery or nerve, arthritis, and compartment syndrome.
Complication rates are higher when the procedure is performed by an inexperienced operator, in unsterile conditions, or in older children.
Complications affect adversely the prognosis of a disease. Non-invasive and minimally invasive medical procedures usually favor fewer complications in comparison to invasive ones.
Complications arise when a bigoted and corrupt U.S. Senator gets involved, and when wishes are made inadvertently over the hidden crock.
Complications arise when Duchess tries to replace Ribby's mouse pie with her own veal and ham pie, and then believes she has swallowed a small tin pastry form called a patty-pan.
Complications arise when illegal drugs and guns enter the picture, and Teddy resorts to physical, mental, and emotional torture when he holds everyone hostage.
Complications arise when the mother barn her daughter from dating the guy n tries everything possible to them from communicating.
Complications arise when the police eventually arrest three suspects.
Complications arise when the show unexpectedly turns out to be successful.
Complications arise when Toni decides the two must find her a new beau so everyone concerned can live happily ever after.
Complications arose for Molland in the mid 1990s when other Badfinger parties objected to the release, citing they were not properly notified.
Complications at the time of original release meant this could not occur and a straightforward rock version featured.
Complications can arise and include: delayed wound healing, development of lymphoceles, bleeding, blood clot formation, and decreased sensation on the inside of the thigh probably caused by injury of the genital branch of the genitofemoral nerve.
Complications can include abscess formation.
Complications can include anemia and newborn jaundice.
Complications can include bacterial keratitis, corneal ulcer, and iritis.
Complications can include cardiac tamponade, myocarditis, and constrictive pericarditis.
Complications can include hypercalcemia, hyperlipidemia and thrombocytopenia, and can present months after the onset of SCFN symptoms.
Complications can include inflammation of the brain and seizures following recovery.
Complications can include muscle atrophy, pressure sores, infections, and breathing problems.
Complications can include reactive arthritis, sepsis, seizures, and hemolytic uremic syndrome.
Complications can include rhabdomyolysis and high blood potassium.
Complications can include seizures, posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome, and bleeding in the back of the eye.
Complications can include seizures, scoliosis, and sleeping problems.
Complications can include sinusitis and acute otitis media.
Complications can include skin ulceration.
Complications can include swelling of the brain or lungs, seizures, low blood sugar, or cardiac arrest.
Complications develop because the two are living in different parts of the world.
Complications develop when he makes a diplomatic blunder and it results in his being exiled to the Galactic University of Dentistry.
Complications during knee surgery following a fall at the Lillehammer Paralympics led to her paralysis.
Complications ensue as she crosses paths with a silly-ass toff (Claude Hulbert), an unscrupulous continental lothario (Banks) and a snobbish butler (Charles Paton) before she manages to sort matters out with the help of the kindly Sir Mortimer (Kendall), with whom she falls in love.
Complications ensue when Diana's uncle and underworld ruler Pluto balks at the notion of peace and attempts to derail her plan.
Complications ensue when his soul gets lost in a soul trafficking scheme which has taken his soul to St. Petersburg.
Complications ensue when she begins a romantic relationship with considerably older Congressman Nicholas Longworth.
Complications ensue when the imposter finds himself attracted to the bride-to-be and the king's mistress Athena makes her presence known.
Complications for the baby can include fetal distress, low birthweight, preterm delivery, and stillbirth.
Complications for the baby include not getting enough oxygen which may result in death.
Complications for the baby may include fetal growth restriction.
Complications for the mother can include disseminated intravascular coagulopathy and kidney failure.
Complications from a corked thigh meant he missed the first nine weeks of the 2002 AFL season but he missed only one more game for the rest of the year.
Complications from argininosuccinic aciduria may include developmental delay and mental retardation.
Complications from shunts may include overdrainage, underdrainage, mechanical failure, infection, or obstruction.
Complications include a high risk of skin cancer, with about half having skin cancer by age 10 without preventive efforts, and cataracts.
Complications include a ruptured spleen, bleeding, an abscess of the spleen (for example, if the underlying cause is infective endocarditis) or pseudocyst formation.
Complications include cardiac and/or respiratory arrest.
Complications include detachment of the vitreous or retina, and glaucoma.
Complications include esophagitis, esophageal strictures, and Barrett's esophagus.
Complications include heart failure, an irregular heartbeat, and sudden cardiac death.
Complications include infection and thromboembolism.
Complications include infertility and chronic pain.
Complications include peritonsillar abscess.
Complications include seizures, visual impairment, cerebral palsy, and cognitive impairment.
Complications include the demyelination of oligodendrocytes and Schwann cells, causing delayed transmission rates of nerve communication in the peripheral nervous system, due to irregularities in the normal function of the cells.
Complications include thickened mucus in the lungs with frequent respiratory infections, and pancreatic insufficiency giving rise to malnutrition and diabetes.
Complications in the baby may include lack of oxygen at birth, birth trauma, prematurity, and infections.
Complications is an American drama television series created by Matt Nix.
Complications may include a Bankart lesion, Hill-Sachs lesion, rotator cuff tear, or injury to the axillary nerve.
Complications may include an inability to have children.
Complications may include an infection or tissue death which may require amputation; coronary artery disease, or stroke.
Complications may include a patella fracture or arthritis.
Complications may include bleeding, infection, and too little or too much tissue removal.
Complications may include bleeding, perforation and blockage of the stomach.
Complications may include bleeding problems, testicular swelling, and inflammation of nerves.
Complications may include bleeding, stomach ulcers, and stomach tumors.
Complications may include blockage of the airway or aspiration pneumonitis.
Complications may include blood clots, infections, and high blood pressure.
Complications may include bone fractures, muscle spasms, an abnormally curved spine, or intellectual disability.
Complications may include breathing problems, problems seeing, cleft palate, and hearing loss.
Complications may include bursitis or arthritis.
Complications may include calcium deposits in muscles or skin.
Complications may include carpal tunnel syndrome.
Complications may include cellulitis of the lower leg.
Complications may include cervical artery dissection and aortic dissection.
Complications may include congenital heart disease.
Complications may include COPD, cirrhosis, neonatal jaundice, or panniculitis.
Complications may include damage to the median nerve.
Complications may include dehydration or seizures.
Complications may include depression, infertility, social isolation, and povertyRisk factors include obstructed labor, poor access to medical care, malnutrition, and teenage pregnancy.
Complications may include enterocolitis, megacolon, bowel obstruction, and intestinal perforation.
Complications may include esophageal narrowing, squamous cell skin cancer, and the need for amputations.
Complications may include febrile seizures, with serious complications being rare.
Complications may include feeding problems, prematurity, intestinal atresia, and intrauterine growth retardation.
Complications may include heart disease, high blood pressure, bone disease, or anemia.
Complications may include heart failure due to dilated cardiomyopathy or cardiac arrest.
Complications may include high blood potassium, low blood calcium, disseminated intravascular coagulation, and compartment syndrome.
Complications may include hypothermia or compartment syndrome.
Complications may include infection, bleeding, diabetes mellitus, or problems with other organs.
Complications may include infections within the abdomen, hernias, high blood sugar, bleeding in the abdomen, and blockage of the catheter.
Complications may include inflammation of heart muscle, central nervous system involvement, and inflammation of the lungs.
Complications may include injury from a fall.
Complications may include injury to the tibia, femur, or knee ligaments.
Complications may include internal bleeding, injury to the bladder, or vaginal trauma.
Complications may include iron deficiency anemia, volvulus, or bowel obstruction.
Complications may include iron overload from the transfusions with resulting heart or liver disease, infections, and osteoporosis.
Complications may include lung abscess.
Complications may include lung cancer, mesothelioma, and pulmonary heart disease.
Complications may include megacolon, inflammation of the eye, joints, or liver, and colon cancer.
Complications may include meningitis (15 percent), pancreatitis (four percent), inflammation of the heart, permanent deafness, and testicular inflammation which uncommonly results in infertility.
Complications may include myocarditis, inflammation of nerves, kidney problems, and bleeding problems due to low levels of platelets.
Complications may include nonunion of the fracture, avascular necrosis, and arthritis.
Complications may include organ failure.
Complications may include osteoporosis, infertility and heart damage, among others.
Complications may include ovarian torsion, testicular torsion, or hydrops fetalis.
Complications may include placenta accreta, dangerously low blood pressure, or bleeding after delivery.
Complications may include pulmonary embolism, as a result of detachment of a clot which travels to the lungs, and post-thrombotic syndrome.
Complications may include pulmonary hypertension, heart failure, pneumonia, or pulmonary embolism.
Complications may include pus around the kidney, sepsis, or kidney failure.
Complications may include recurrent urinary tract infections and urinary retention.
Complications may include rhabdomyolysis, high blood potassium, kidney failure, or seizures.
Complications may include rhabdomyolysis or high blood potassium.
Complications may include seizures.
Complications may include seizures, hallucinations, trouble speaking, memory problems, and problems with hearing.
Complications may include sepsis, bowel ischemia and bowel perforation.
Complications may include shock and acute respiratory distress syndrome.
Complications may include short-gut syndrome, intestinal strictures, or developmental delay.
Complications may include sinusitis and broadening of the nose.
Complications may include valvular insufficiency, heart failure, stroke, and kidney failure.
Complications may occur in up to 8% of people.
Complications may rarely include aseptic meningitis, an increased risk of HIV/AIDS if exposed, and spread to the baby during childbirth resulting in neonatal herpes.
Complications of acute disease may include uremia, high blood potassium, or volume overload.
Complications of chronic disease may include heart disease, high blood pressure, or anemia.
Complications of hypertension are clinical outcomes that result from persistent elevation of blood pressure.
Complications of influenza may include viral pneumonia, secondary bacterial pneumonia, sinus infections, and worsening of previous health problems such as asthma or heart failure.
Complications of overdose can include noncardiogenic pulmonary edema.
Complications of pregnancy and childbirth are the leading cause of mortality among women between the ages of 15 and 19 in such areas, as they are the leading cause of mortality among older women.
Complications of pregnancy are health problems that are caused by pregnancy.
Complications of Wilson's disease can include liver failure, liver cancer, and kidney problems.
Complications related to vestibulectomy include bleeding, infection.
Complications set in when David falls in love.
Complications such as abscess formation, fistula formation, and perforation of the colon may require surgery.
Complications such as pneumonia, heart disease, and physical injury from falls reduce life expectancy.
Complications such as Wernicke encephalopathy or esophageal rupture may occur but are very rare.
Complications that can result from heart defects include heart failure.
Complications that occur primarily during childbirth are termed obstetric labor complications, and problems that occur primarily after childbirth are termed puerperal disorders.
Complications - Trilogy of Intricacy is an EP by the Norwegian avant-garde progressive metal band Age of Silence.
Complications without treatment can include arthritis, limping, and low back pain.
Complications with the injury saw him placed on the long term injury list.
Complice finished last in the semi final, and was awarded just 5 points for the debut effort.
Complicit absolution is an offense in Roman Catholic canon law consisting of the absolution of a party complicit with the absolving priest in an offense.
Complicit is a 2013 British television film, produced by Many Rivers Films for Channel 4.
Complicity also differs from attempt, solicitation, and conspiracy in that it always depends on that crime having been completed, i.e., it is never inchoate.
Complicity does not require causation of the crime, merely participation in the commission of the crime.
Complicity is a novel by Scottish author Iain Banks.
Complicity is the participation in a completed criminal act of an accomplice, a partner in the crime who aids or encourages (abets) other perpetrators of that crime, and who shared with them an intent to act to complete the crime.
Complicity (or Retribution in the US market) is a 2000 film based on the novel Complicity by Iain Banks.
Complimentary (or very rarely alternative) books used by the community have included The Sunday School Union Hymn Book (1897), Suffolk St Christadelphian Hymn Book (1903), Sing to the Lord (1978) and Praise the Lord (1993).
Complimentary Other-Enhancement: the act of using compliments or flattery to improve the esteem of another individual.
Complimentary spirits were offered in addition to the economy offerings.
Complimentary vocational areas include construction, engineering, foundation learning, sport and public services.
Complimented for its bedroom-themed lyrics and steamy content, "Kisses Down Low" was released on February 1, 2013, serving as the lead single from Talk a Good Game.
Complimenting ICW's two established singles titles (ICW World Heavyweight Championship and ICW Zero-G Championship), the Tag Team Championship was first established on September 2, 2012 when The S.T.I (Dickie Divers and William Grange) won a tournament final to become the inaugural champions.
Complimenting The Best of Cameo from 1993, this collection focuses on Cameo's lesser hits, but combined with the first volume, it spans nearly their entire career and offers a true presentation of the band.
Complimenting the theme of the United States Bishops document entitled, "Disciples Called to Witness; The New Evangelization," the American Catholic Radio program adopted the "Disciples Called to Witness" sub title and added a weekly interview with an American Catholic prelate oriented towards encouraging Catholics and Catholic parishes to adopt a focus on evangelization and nurturing disciples within their homes, communities, parishes and workplace.
Compliments, also known as Garcia, is Jerry Garcia's second solo album, released in 1974.
Compliments slips, which are informal, can sometimes substitute for more formal letters of reply.
Compliments was reissued on 180-gram green vinyl, in a limited edition of 7,000 copies, as part of Record Store Day on April 18, 2015.
Complutia is a genus of moths of the family Noctuidae.
Complying with global serializability means that the global schedule is serializable, has the serializability property, while each component database (module) has a serializable schedule as well.
Comply or explain is a regulatory approach used in the United Kingdom, Germany, the Netherlands and other countries in the field of corporate governance and financial supervision.
Comply with all applicable employment regulations Pay reasonable transportation costs for the employeeThe duration of stay for the recipient of a CW-1 is one year.
Compo established the Apex label in July 1921 in Toronto.
Compo is a 1989 low budget Australian film.
Compolibat is a commune in the Aveyron department in southern France.
Component analysis is the analysis of two or more independent variables which comprise a treatment modality.
Component-based software engineering (CBSE), also called as component-based development (CBD), is a branch of software engineering that emphasizes the separation of concerns with respect to the wide-ranging functionality available throughout a given software system.
Component-based usability testing (CBUT) is a testing approach which aims at empirically testing the usability of an interaction component.
Component Business Model (CBM) is a technique to model and analyze an enterprise.
Component coverage areas include CPUs, motherboards, core-logic chipsets, memory, videocards, mechanical hard drives, solid-state drives, optical drives, cases, component cooling, and anything else to do with recent tech news.
Component designers will strive to minimize parasitic elements but are unable to completely eliminate them.
Component Developer Magazine or CoDe (registered as CODE Magazine) is a computer magazine edited and produced by the publishing and software company EPS Software.
Component-Level tools use the functions of probability and impact of individual risks to make decisions between resource allocations.
Component Library for Cross Platform (CLX) (pronounced clicks), is a cross-platform visual component-based framework for developing Microsoft Windows and Linux applications.
Component manufacturers often produce multiple pin-compatible product variants to allow systems integrators to change the exact component in use without changing the footprint on the circuit board.
Component Object Model (COM) is a binary-interface standard for software components introduced by Microsoft in 1993.
Component-oriented database (CODB) is a way of data administration and programming DBMS's using the paradigm of the component-orientation.
Component part numbers and quantities-per are taken from the standard bill of material (BOM).
Component parts from the other two countries are the Slovenian 10th Motorized Battalion and the Hungarian 1st Light Infantry Battalion.
Component placement is an electronics manufacturing process that places electrical components precisely on printed circuit boards (PCBs) to create electrical interconnections between functional components and the interconnecting circuitry in the PCBs (leads-pads).
Components and consumable items found across the map followed before becoming a mix of blueprints and components.
Components and parts arrive at a production line right in time as scheduled before they get assembled.
Components are generally implemented as generators - a method more light-weight than allocating a thread to each (though this is also supported).
Components are generally soldered onto the PCB to both electrically connect and mechanically fasten them to it.
Components calculate in real time.
Components can be categorized into prefabricated bridge elements (e.g. beams, bridge decks, footings, columns, pier caps, abutments etc.) or prefabricated bridge systems (e.g. bridge modules with superstructures and/or substructures).
Components can be spins, dexterities (wrapping a leg around the bag in mid-air), or ducks (letting the bag pass a few inches above the neck).
Components can produce or consume events and can be used for event-driven architectures (EDA).
Components: compiler to translate synchronous programs to transition systems, symbolic model checker, tool for hardware/software synthesis.
Components could be obtained from open-source hardware stores.
Components for 25 MTs were produced as of January, 2005, though only about 35 road cars and 50 racing versions have officially been completed (c.20 of which are MT900S).
Components forming more than eighty bilboes have been recovered from the Henrietta Marie, an English slave ship that was wrecked in the Florida Keys in 1700 after delivering slaves to Jamaica.
Components for some of the products are manufactured in countries such as France, Italy, Spain, China, Taiwan, Korea and Japan.
Components include GP1BA and GP1BB.
Components include pager motors, capacitors, resistors, transistors, and solar panels.
Components include the ASL Rulebook and various games called modules.
Components in Electronics is a trade publication for the electronics industry.
Components is an album by jazz vibraphonist Bobby Hutcherson, released on the Blue Note label in 1966.
Components made in multi-leaded power packages can handle more power than those constructed in TO-220 cases, or even TO3 cases with thermal resistance no less than 1.5 C/W. One well-known STMicroelectronics brand of this type of package is Multiwatt.
Components made in TO-220 packages can dissipate more heat than those constructed in TO-92 cases.
Components manufactured in Osceola, Wisconsin and the vehicle assembly in Roseau, Minnesota.
Components mounted in plastic blocks with side contacts, that are held together in a base, e.g. Denshi blocks Springs on a card board, the springs trap wire leads or component leads, such as Philips EE electronic experiment kits.
Components (N) have at least one independent backup component (+1).
Components not complying to the FSDG are listed and removed.
Components of a converged infrastructure may include servers, data storage devices, networking equipment and software for IT infrastructure management, automation and orchestration.
Components of a DPE will vary based on the density of the computing environment.
Components of a rotary feeder include a rotor shaft, housing, head plates, and packing seals and bearings.
Components of a typical disk array include: Disk array controllers Cache in form of both volatile random-access memory and non-volatile flash memory.
Components of battery packs include the individual batteries or cells, and the interconnects which provide electrical conductivity between them.
Components of dissonance not modeled by this theory include critical band roughness as well as tonal context (e.g. an augmented second is more dissonant than a minor third even though both can be tuned to the same size, as in 12-ET).
Components of fitness include the wellbeing of existing offspring, parents' future sexual reproduction, and inclusive fitness through aid to kin.
Components of intravascular immunity include the cellular immune response and the macromolecules secreted by these cells.
Components of it include Stoney Creek Bridge, the Rail Bridge over Christmas Creek, Kuranda railway station, and Surprise Creek Rail Bridge.
Components of language tags are drawn from ISO 639, ISO 15924, ISO 3166-1, and UN M.49.
Components of Liquid Fidelity technology were originally used in 720p HDTVs produced by Uneed Systems of Korea from 2004-2006.
Components of Office/36 include: IDDU/36, the Interactive Data Definition Utility.
Components of the base would include a habitat module, pressurized rover dock/equipment lock, airlocks, and a 16 meters (17 yards) constructed habitat.
Components of the facade demonstrate both the Greek Revival origins of the design and its vernacular interpretation: fluted columns in the Doric order support the porch roof, but the bottom section of the gable's pediment is interrupted by all three second-story windows.
Components of the ground substance are secreted by fibroblasts.
Components of the Health System include CarolinaEast Medical Center, CarolinaEast Surgery Center, CarolinaEast Diagnostic Center, CarolinaEast Primary Care, CarolinaEast Heart Center, CarolinaEast Rehabilitation Hospital, CarolinaEast Home Care and Crossroads Adult Mental Health.
Components of the life support system are life-critical, and are designed and constructed using safety engineering techniques.
Components of the MAPK/ERK pathway were discovered when they were found in cancer cells.
Components of the plan include: expanding domestic oil and natural gas exploration and production, taking action to break U.S. dependency on foreign oil by reforming the transportation sector, investing in clean, alternative sources of energy, such as wind and solar power.
Components of the software include functionality to manage sales incentives, bonuses, equity, merit pay, long term incentives and channel partner incentives.
Components of the TIM complex facilitate the translocation of proteins across the inner membrane and into the mitochondrial matrix.
Components of the Trendalyzer software, particularly the Flash-based Motion Chart gadget, have become available for public use as part of the Google Visualizations API (see [1] ).
Component spheres that represent a significant portion of an ecosphere are referred to as a primary component spheres.
Components play this role, for example, in web services, and more recently, in service-oriented architectures (SOA), whereby a component is converted by the web service into a service and subsequently inherits further characteristics beyond that of an ordinary component.
Components such as additional pads, cymbal pads, triggers, mounting hardware, and modules are also sold individually to augment an existing kit.
Components such as clutches or gearboxes may be needed to connect the motor to axles, wheels, or propellers.
Components such as heat strengthened laminated glass, is used for windows, security barriers and the terminal facade.
Components such as the steering column, intermediate shafts, pumps, hoses, belts, coolers and vacuum servos and master cylinders are eliminated from the vehicle.
Components to ADSs are also provided by software development companies.
Components used in plant process areas must be designed to work in harsh environments of temperature extremes, humidity, and vibration that exceed the ranges for information technology equipment intended for installation in controlled environments.
Component television is a form factor in which a television set is sold as a system of separate components, similar to audio components.
Component video can be contrasted with composite video (NTSC, PAL or SECAM) in which all the video information is combined into a single line level signal that is used in analog television.
Component video is a video signal that has been split into two or more component channels.
Component video is capable of carrying signals such as 480i, 480p, 576i, 576p, 720p, 1080i and 1080p, although many TVs do not support 1080p through component video.
Component video requires an extra synchronization signal to be sent along with the video.
Component video sync signals can be sent in several different ways: Separate sync Uses separate wires for horizontal and vertical synchronization.
Componocancer roberti is an unusual species of fossil crab described in 2008.
Composante Spatiale Optique (CSO; English: Optical Space Component) is a French military Earth observation satellite program.
Composed 10 years before his death, it was Handel's last piece of English church music.
Composed after Milhaud's visit to Latin America in 1917-1918, each dance is based on a duple tango or samba rhythm and bears the name of a neighborhood in Rio de Janeiro or a Brazilian city.
Composed against the backdrop of the First World War, this symphony is among the most dramatic that Nielsen wrote, featuring a "battle" between two sets of timpani.
Composed almost entirely of local players, the team is notable for being from the smallest city by population to have won the Stanley Cup, and the only team to win between the introduction of the Cup in 1893 and 1912 to not be from Montreal, Winnipeg, or Ottawa.
Composed and co-directed Pandemonium: the Lost and Found Orchestra.
Composed and produced by Kinks frontman Ray Davies, "Waterloo Sunset" is one of the band's best known and most acclaimed songs in most territories, later being ranked number 42 on "Rolling Stone's 500 Greatest Songs of All Time".
Composed and produced by Martin O'Donnell and Michael Salvatori for Bungie, the soundtrack was released on June 11, 2002.
Composed and sung by guitarist Lindsey Buckingham, it was one of the nine songs he wrote for the "Tusk" album.
Composed and sung by guitarist Lindsey Buckingham, it was written as a response to the punk movement in the late 1970s.
Composed and written by Ralph Siegel and Bernd Meinunger, the song is an up-tempo number, with Lou exhorting her listeners to forget their troubles and "get happy and let's be friends".
Composed and written for over 300 feature films.
Composed as a series of poems, they include musical sections, spoken verse and passages of allegorical storytelling.
Composed as a textbook set to teach the evolution of science fiction literature, the series is now available as mass market publications.
Composed at the beginning of the 17th century, it is the first known prose romance written by an English woman.
Composed between 1893 and 1895, it is Satie's only liturgical work and the culmination of his "Rosicrucian" or "mystic" period.
Composed between 1903 and 1905, the piece was premiered in Paris in October 1905.
Composed between 1907 and 1908, the Rapsodie is one of Ravel's first major works for orchestra.
Composed between 1953 and 1954, it is the composer's last major choral-orchestral composition, and was premiered under his baton at Worcester Cathedral, as part of the Three Choirs Festival, on 8 September 1954.
Composed between 1958 and 1959, it is based on the interpretative reading of the poem "Sirens" from chapter 11 of the novel Ulysses by James Joyce by Cathy Berberian and on the elaboration of her recorded voice by technological means.
Composed between 1969 and 1972, the work is now considered one of the classics of British experimental music.
Composed between 1986 and 1989, it was Henze's 9th opera, his third that he wrote for the Deutsche Oper in Berlin.
Composed by Academy Award-winning composer Bill Conti (with lyrics from UCLA students Barbara Lamb and Don Holley), the song was commissioned by the UCLA Alumni Association on its fiftieth anniversary.
Composed by Ajith Mathew, the song was produced by Shine Mathew and released by the label of Yelove Music.
Composed by Alex Papaconstantinou with lyrics by Myrto Kontova, the dance song had been a radio hit since the album's release.
Composed by Amaal Mallik, the song is sung by Arijit Singh and Aditi Singh Sharma, with lyrics penned by Kumaar.
Composed by Amit Trivedi, the song is sung by Udit Narayan, Alka Yagnik, Kumar Sanu, Abhijeet, Kavita Krishnamoorthy, Sadhana Sargam, Sunidhi Chauhan, S. P. Balasubrahmanyam, Shaan, Shreya Ghoshal, KK, Sukhwinder Singh, Shilpa Rao, Mohit Chauhan and Sonu Nigam, with lyrics penned by Swanand Kirkire.
Composed by Anand-Milind, the soundtrack of the film was equally successful and popular.
Composed by Anfrando Maiola, and produced by Stefano Cundari and Alessandro Zanni, it proved a big hit in Italy, selling over 10,000 copies.
Composed by Ankit Tiwari, the song is sung by Ankit Tiwari, with lyrics penned by Sandeep Nath.
Composed by Ankit Tiwari, the song is sung by Tiwari himself, with lyrics penned by Manoj Muntashir.
Composed by Bear McCreary, it features the series opening title and closing themes as well as stand-out themes and musical cues from various episodes of the show's first season and from the first two episodes of the second season.
Composed by British-born Tony Hatch with the lyrics written by his then wife, Jackie Trent, it has been voted the world's most recognized television theme song.
Composed by Corea with lyrics by Neville Potter, it was recorded in 1972 for the group's second album, Light as a Feather, which was released in 1973.
Composed by Daisuke Kawaguchi and Kim Hyung-Suk and written by Yoshimitsu Sawamoto, Kiyoshi Matsuo, Park, and Kim, the lyrics tell spirit of gathering and coming together as one, as with the theme of the two countries in co-hosting the said event.
Composed by Dallas Austin and the Sugababes, it was inspired by an infatuation that group member Keisha Buchanan developed with another artist.
Composed by Danny Elfman, the soundtrack was nominated for the 1993 Golden Globe for Best Original Score.
Composed by Disney staff musician Norman "Buddy" Baker with lyrics by Xavier "X" Atencio, it is notable among Disney Theme Park music for the sheer number of variations created for the ride, and the song's infectious earworm quality.
Composed by Don Davis and performed by the Hollywood Studio Orchestra, this fast-paced, action score was composed late in the film's post-production.
Composed by drummer Ginger Baker, the song is a five-minute drum solo (with a brief guitar and bass introduction and ending), and is notable because it features one of the earliest recorded drum solos in rock history.
Composed by duo Vishal-Sekhar, the song is sung by Mohit Chauhan, Shekhar Ravjiani, Shruti Pathak with lyrics penned by Kumaar, Vishal Dadlani.
Composed by Ed Harcourt with additional writing by Ellis-Bextor, it is a chamber pop track which features percussion and string instruments.
Composed by Elton John, with lyrics by Tim Rice, the song was performed by Carmen Twillie (the deep female lead vocals) and Lebo M. (opening Zulu vocals) as the film's opening song.
Composed by enigmatic frontman Shane MacGowan, it charted in the UK Top 100 at Number 64.
Composed by founding members Steven Page and Ed Robertson, the sing-along track has become one of the band's best-known songs, and is a live show staple, despite never having been a true single and without an accompanying music video.
Composed by Frank H. Gray, it was published by Theodore Presser Co..
Composed by Franne Golde and Tom Snow.
Composed by George Fenton, it was released through Sony Classical Records, a subsidiary of Sony Music Entertainment that specializes in classical music and compositions.
Composed by Greg Edmonson and performed by the Skywalker Session Orchestra, it was released on November 20, 2007 by the game's publisher, Sony Computer Entertainment.
Composed by guitarist Dave Mason, it was disliked by the other three members of the group who felt that it did not represent the band's musical or lyrical style.
Composed by guitarist Randy Bachman and lead singer Burton Cummings, the song is basically a Dear John letter stating, "No time left for you".
Composed by Hafiz Hamidun and Fedtri Yahya, the song is included in the album as one of the bonus tracks.
Composed by Hans Zimmer (a small part in the first film, then all the others) and Klaus Badelt (only in the first film) along with Geoff Zanelli (a small part in all four films, working alongside Zimmer and Badelt).
Composed by Harry Wellman, class of 1907, it was officially adopted by the College in 1926.
Composed by Indradeep Dasgupta with lyrics by Prosen, the song is sung by Shaan.
Composed by Italian record producer Giorgio Moroder, the vinyl soundtrack was released on December 9 of the same year through MCA Records.
Composed by James Horner, it was released on May 11, 2004 via Reprise Records.
Composed by Jeet Ganguly, the song is sung by Arijit Singh, with lyrics penned by Kausar Munir.
Composed by Jeet Gannguli, the song is sung by Arijit Singh, with lyrics penned by Rashmi Singh.
Composed by John Barry and with lyrics by Leslie Bricusse and Anthony Newley, the song was performed by Shirley Bassey for the film's opening and closing title sequences, as well as the soundtrack album release.
Composed by John Frizzell, the soundtrack features themes such as romance and eroticism.
Composed by John Stafford Smith, the tune was later used by several writers as a setting for their patriotic lyrics.
Composed by Krishna Balagita, they recorded the song on 29 May 2014 at MyMusic Records in South Jakarta, Indonesia in under four hours.
Composed by K-taro Takanami and other artists the two soundtrack CDs were released in 2003 while the character song collection was released in 2004.
Composed by Madan Mohan, the songs of film are sung by Asha Bhosle, Geeta Dutt, Lata Mangeshkar and Mohammed Rafi.
Composed by Maiola and produced by Cundari, it is considered one of the best songs in the Italo disco canon.
Composed by Miracles lead singer Smokey Robinson, and Motown staff songwriter Al Cleveland and produced by Robinson, the song was a Billboard top 40 pop hit, peaking at No. 31, and a top 10 R&B hit as well, peaking at No. 9.
Composed by M. M. Keeravani, the film's soundtrack in both Telugu and Tamil versions features five songs, out of which one is a remixed version of the title song.
Composed by Napoleon Andrew Tuiteleleapaga and written by Mariota Tiumalu Tuiasosopo, it was officially adopted in 1950.
Composed by Pino Marchese, Charles McLoughlin who later worked together on the film soundtrack of the French movie Parole de Flic.
Composed by Pritam Chakraborty, the song is sung by Arijit Singh and Sunidhi Chauhan, with lyrics penned by Kumaar.
Composed by Pritam Chakraborty, the song is sung by Arijit Singh, with lyrics by Amitabh Bhattacharya.
Composed by Pritam Chakraborty, the song is sung by Arijit Singh, with lyrics penned by Amitabh Bhattacharya.
Composed by Pritam Chakraborty, the song is sung by Rekha Bhardwaj and Tochi Raina, with lyrics by Amitabh Bhattacharya.
Composed by Pritam Chakraborty, the song is sung by Rekha Bhardwaj with lyrics penned by Sayeed Quadri.
Composed by Ramin Djawadi, it was released on June 14, 2011 for digital download and on CD.
Composed by R. N. Vasanth, it was released on 14 February 2015, for online media streaming on YouTube.
Composed by Sachin-Jigar and written by Kausar Munir, the song is performed by the leading actress of the film Parineeti Chopra in her debut playback singing.
Composed by Sachin-Jigar, the song is sung by popular Bollywood singer from Pakistan Atif Aslam , with lyrics penned by Dinesh Vijan and Priya Saraiya.
Composed by Saiful Bahari.
Composed by Sajid-Wajid, the album consist of eight songs.
Composed by Sajid-Wajid, the song is sung by Arijit Singh and Shreya Ghoshal, with lyrics penned by Kausar Munir.
Composed by Sajid-Wajid, the song is sung by Benny Dayal and Shalmali Kholgade, with lyrics penned by Kumaar.
Composed by Sanjay Leela Bhansali, the song is sung by Shreya Ghoshal and Osman Mir, with lyrics penned by Siddharth-Garima.
Composed by Shankar-Ehsaan-Loy, the song is sung by Arijit Singh and Chinmayi, with lyrics penned by Amitabh Bhattacharya.
Composed by Shantanu Moitra, the song is sung by Shaan and Shreya Ghoshal, with lyrics penned by Swanand Kirkire.
Composed by Shantanu Moitra, the song is sung by Shreya Ghoshal, with lyrics penned by Swanand Kirkire.
Composed by singer-songwriter Paul Simon, the song is performed on piano and carries the influence of gospel music.
Composed by S. Rajeswara Rao in both Telugu and Tamil languages, the soundtrack features 11 songs.
Composed by the band along with Tom Fletcher of McFly, and Stewart Henderson it was released on 26 April 2004 as the third single from their second studio album A Present for Everyone (2003), and reached number two on the UK Singles Chart.
Composed by then-bandmembers Martyn Ware and Ian Craig Marsh, with lyrics by Philip Oakey, it has been released several times since 1978, finally becoming a UK Top Ten hit in 1982.
Composed by the team of Bob Feldman, Jerry Goldstein, and Richard Gottehrer, "My Boyfriend's Back" sold over one million copies, and was awarded a gold disk.
Composed by Vishal-Shekhar, the song is sung by Arijit Singh, Nandini Srikar and Shekhar Ravjiani, with lyrics penned by Kumaar.
Composed during 1936 when Menotti was in his mid-twenties, it was the composer's first mature opera and first critical success.
Composed during a sojourn in Germany in 1798, the poem was first published in the second edition of Lyrical Ballads (1800).
Composed during a sojourn in the mountains of Lebanon, it is considered to be the first novel by an Arab-American writer in English.
Composed during World War II at the request of the horn player Dennis Brain, it is a setting of a selection of six poems by British poets on the subject of night, including both its calm and its sinister aspects.
Composed entirely by Stivell, featuring instrumental arrangements by Stivell assisted by Christopher Hayward and Michel Prezman, and with over 70 musicians contributing, this was a large undertaking.
Composed entirely in Tasmania under the guidance of IHOS Artistic Director Constantine Koukias, The Lunch Box may be the first opera sung in Thai to blend traditional Thai music and contemporary Western opera.
Composed entirely of Black Panthers (BPP) who served as members of both groups, the organization's program was one of war against the United States Government, and its stated goal was to "take up arms for the liberation and self-determination of black people in the United States."
Composed for piano and string quartet, the work revolutionized the instrumentation and musical character of the piano quintet and established it as a quintessentially Romantic genre.
Composed for piano, it was then arranged for wind band and published by Carl Fischer in 1891.
Composed from 1985 to 1989, it stage premiered on 13 October 1992 in Santo Domingo, Teatro Nacional.
Composed in 1791, the opera was never performed during Haydn's lifetime.
Composed in 1806, after the death of Lord Nelson, hero of the Napoleonic Wars, and first published in 1807, the poem purports to describe the ideal "man in arms," and has, through ages since, been the source of much metaphor in political and military life.
Composed in 1820 while the Shelleys were living in Italy, it is often considered a partner to the Shelleys' play Midas.
Composed in 1853, it is one of Gottschalk's best-known works.
Composed in 1853, Schumann gave the autograph score to his wife, Clara Schumann, as a birthday gift; she would give the first performance on 26 November.
Composed in 1891 when Ives was seventeen, it is an arrangement of a traditional tune, known as "My Country, 'Tis of Thee" (words by Samuel Francis Smith), and was at the time the de facto anthem of the United States.
Composed in 1910, the work was first played at a concert in the Queen's Hall in 1912.
Composed in 1911, it was first performed under the direction of Albert Coates, at the Queen's Hall in London on February 26, 1920.
Composed in 1912 by John V. Devine of King's Cove, Bonavista Bay, NL.
Composed in 1934, the score remains unpublished.
Composed in 1938-41, the first song was premiered on Brussels Radio in 1940, weeks before the Nazi Invasion of Belgium.
Composed in 1951 for pianist and friend David Tudor, it is a ground-breaking piece of indeterminate music.
Composed in 1955, the opera premiered on June 20, 1958 at the very first Festival dei Due Mondi in Spoleto, Italy in a production by Gian Carlo Menotti and conducted by Reinhard Peters.
Composed in 1956, the opera premiered on 23 February 1962 in New Orleans, Louisiana performed by the Xavier University Opera Workshop.
Composed in 1957, Symphonic Songs for Band is one of Robert Russell Bennett's most famous compositions for wind band.
Composed in 1958, it is one of his early compositions.
Composed in 1970, and featuring a strong brass fanfare opening, "Heavy Action" soon became a well established sporting theme tune, most associated in the UK as the theme for Superstars, and in North America as the theme music for ABC and ESPN's Monday Night Football.
Composed in 1980, It is based on his experiences, in his youth, of playing the piano for women's clubs, and being fed absurd and unappetizing cuisine, including foods resembling Jello salad.
Composed in 1982, it is in the uptempo Hi-NRG dance music style.
Composed in 1984, Pearl's Folger Coffee jingle been transformed into country, gospel, jazz, R & B, folk, Celtic, and a cappella versions and Folgers runs an annual contest to find the best new interpretation.
Composed in 1987, the thesis included an essay piece and collection of songs (recorded by Phish) relating an epic tale from the band's fictional land of Gamehendge.
Composed in 1999, and working again with frequent collaborator Neil Jordan, it also features songs by Roy Orbison and The Andrews Sisters.
Composed in 2000, it was banned by the Punjab government for hurting the relgiious feelings of Sikhs.
Composed in 2004, it was a joint commission by the Eduard van Beinum Foundation, the New York Philharmonic, the Zurich Tonhalle and the Royal Concertgebouw Orchestra.
Composed in a proto-Romantic style, similar to the concertos of Johann Nepomuk Hummel, it also shows evidence of the influence of Beethoven's C minor Piano Concerto, Op.
Composed in Aramaic, it consists of four sheets of leather.
Composed in Cleveland in 1920, the work makes considerable demands of both technique and endurance from the violinist.
Composed in collaboration with Carl Davis to commemorate The Royal Liverpool Philharmonic Orchestra's 150th anniversary, the project received a large amount of media attention upon its unveiling in June 1991.
Composed in elegiac couplets by an unskilled versifier, it is a version of the legendary history of the Battle of Roncevaux Pass.
Composed in honor of Henry VI and intended for presentation to him, the poem, distributed into three books, the last one being an encomiom of Henry VI, and 52 continuously numbered particulae, is written in a mannered and sophisticated style.
Composed in honor of the Genoese nobleman marchese Giovanni Giacomo Grimaldi, it premiered on 25 May 1740 at Venice's Teatro San Samuele.
Composed in medieval India, the Shakta Upanishads are among the most recent minor Upanishads, and constitute an important source of information on Devi worship and Tantra-related theology.
Composed in the 1390s, the 626-line narrative poem is a beast fable and mock epic based on an incident in the Reynard cycle.
Composed in the 1890s, the song continued to be played as "part of the Haitian folkloric repertory" at the end of the 20th century, more than 100 years after its composition.
Composed in the bel canto style, it is a frequent recital piece, and has often been recorded.
Composed in the final weeks of Pergolesi's life, it is scored for soprano and alto soloists, violin I and II, viola and basso continuo (cello and organ).
Composed in the key of B flat, which allowed its notable saxophone solo to ring out, the song can be described as an uptempo ballad similar in feel, with its electric piano, to his earlier 1973 hit, "Daniel".
Composed in the key of E and as originally presented on the album, "Yesterday Once More" segues into a long medley, consisting of eight covers of 1960s tunes incorporated into a faux oldies radio program.
Composed in the middle of the 14th century BC, it is attributed to the 18th dynasty Pharaoh Akhenaten, who radically changed traditional forms of Egyptian religion by replacing them with Atenism.
Composed in the traditional sonata form, it is one of the very few works thought to be written by Mozart for four-handed play.
Composed in the winter of 1946 and the spring of 1947, this comic opera was a successor to his serious opera The Rape of Lucretia.
Composed in three parts and lasting just over 8 minutes, the work is based on an innovative merging of traditional Hebrew songs with up-tempo rock and roll rhythms and harmonic fanfares.
Composed in Zulu, it was adapted and covered internationally by many 1950s and '60s pop and folk revival artists, including the Weavers, Jimmy Dorsey, Yma Sumac, Miriam Makeba and the Kingston Trio.
Composed is an album by Sacramento born musician, composer and arranger Jherek Bischoff.
Composed largely of a master-planned community, it includes approximately 1,700 homes and 5,750 people.
Composed largely of houses constructed after the Great Flood of 1913, the district features examples of several prominent architectural styles, and it has received both local and federal recognition.
Composed largely of previously unrecorded original compositions unearthed by his son Brent, this would be the 76-year-old Fischer's fifth and final strictly solo piano recording.
Composed mainly by organizations with active presence only regionally and locally, NAGC offers its member organizations an opportunity to create a national presence and cultivate Greek unity, as well as offers them a solid base with resources they can rely on.
Composed mainly of confrontations between black people and police, it began in the early morning hours of Sunday July 23, 1967 in Detroit, Michigan.
Composed mainly of elm, oak and ash, the site is semi-natural and now recovering from the removal of planted conifers.
Composed mainly of live recordings during the Mental Notes period, the album also contains two non-album singles, a b-side and a demo recording.
Composed mostly of Parton's own songs, the album also contained a cover of Jackie DeShannon's "Put a Little Love in Your Heart".
Composed mostly of rock bands, Gig Records' roster also includes electronic artists, singer/songwriters, punk bands, and a movie soundtrack.
Composed music in these islands can be traced in musical notation back to the 13th century, with earlier origins.
Composed of 100 members, the House elects its leadership every two years.
Composed of 125 state representatives from districts with roughly equal populations of at least 19,000, its members are responsible for crafting and voting on legislation, helping to create a state budget, and legislative oversight over state agencies.
Composed of 14 councilors, with 12 councilors elected from MNavotas's six councilor districts (coextensive with the Legislative district of Navotas) and two councilors elected from the ranks of barangay (neighborhood) chairmen and the Sangguniang Kabataan (SK; youth councils).
Composed of 165 state lawmakers, the state legislature meets at the Kansas State Capitol in Topeka once a year in regular session.
Composed of 16 cover songs and one original song, it is Kyla's first album of remakes.
Composed of 17 active judges, it is based at the John Minor Wisdom United States Court of Appeals Building in New Orleans, Louisiana, with the clerk's office located at the F. Edward Hebert Federal Building in New Orleans.
Composed of 30,000 verses, the Cronykil is divided into nine books, and each book is divided into chapters.
Composed of 3,000 men hand-picked from Gaddafi's tribal group in the Sirte region, the Guard was well armed, being provided with T-54 and T-62 tanks, APCs, MRLs, SA-8 SAMs and ZSU-23-4 Anti-aircraft guns taken from the army inventory.
Composed of 35 elementary schools, nine middle schools, and nine high schools, it is the third largest school district in Washington State.
Composed of 47 senators elected from an equal number of constituent single-member districts, the Senate is responsible, along with the Maryland House of Delegates, for passage of laws in Maryland, and for confirming executive appointments made by the Governor of Maryland.
Composed of 49 cars and filled with "gifts of gratitude", the Merci Train arrived in New York City on February 3, 1949, and was divided amongst the 48 states with the remaining car to be shared by the District of Columbia and Hawaii.
Composed of 4 volumes with more than 4,410 pages, this dictionary "catalogs Chinese characters made and used only by our Korean ancestors (182 characters) as well as examples of Chinese words with Korean usages (84,000 words)."
Composed of 90 legislators, the state legislature meets in the Capitol Complex in the state capital of Phoenix, Arizona.
Composed of about 4,000 students from adjacent cities and barangays, the school's campus was donated by the landowning Navarro family.
Composed of a camera, helmet, and plasma TV components, the Eyerinator has received an award from former President of India A. P. J. Abdul Kalam.
Composed of Alexander Shapovalov and Denis Chepikov, they are currently signed to Axwell's Axtone Records.
Composed of an isotactic crystalline stereoisomer of polypropylene, Prolene sutures are intended to be durable and long lasting.
Composed of anti-spyware software companies, academics, and consumer groups, the ASC seeks to bring together a diverse array of perspective on the problem of controlling spyware and other potentially unwanted technologies.
Composed of approximately 3,100 individuals, the island populace relies heavily on fishing for survival.
Composed of a rhythm section and vibraphone - played by Bobby Hutcherson - Hill weaves his music around a complex harmonic structure.
Composed of around 2000 men and women and 69 aircraft and helicopters, the naval aviation represents a top niche and an enabler for the air-naval instrument.
Composed of a series of strategic battles, the player gathers resources, constructs buildings and units, and fights enemy forces to achieve objectives on fixed isometric grid maps.
Composed of a series of streets behind The Queen's University of Belfast near to the River Lagan, the area has been dubbed 'the Holyland' from its street names: Jerusalem Street, Palestine Street, Damascus Street, Carmel Street and Cairo Street.
Composed of a single semi-complete skull, this specimen is notable in regards to the evolution and systematics of Metatheria as a whole, and thus nigh-omnipresent in phylogenetic analyzes of this group.
Composed of ATM experts and offering various solutions to enhance air traffic capacity, efficiency and safety, Airbus ProSky works with air navigation service providers (ANSP), aircraft operators, airport authorities and Civil Aviation Authorities.
Composed of a unique legal framework, the concept of Union Law is created by the Treaties of the European Union, which the European Court of Justice (ECJ) is decisively empowered to rule over.
Composed of autogas experts, transportation industry specialists and environmental advocates, Autogas for America says it "leverages industry cooperation to widen recognition of autogas among the U.S. public, media and government."
Composed of Ayelet Rose Gottlieb, Sofia Rei, Sara Serpa and Malika Zarra, Mycale sings texts in Hebrew, French, Spanish, Portuguese and Arabic from the Hebrew Bible, Rumi, Fernando Pessoa, and Heraclitus.
Composed of bassist and vocalist John Galm, guitarists Nate Dionne and Ross Brazuk, and drummer Justin Renninger, the band formed in 2008 and dissolved in 2011.
Composed of brothers Rob Tingle, Adam Tingle, and friend Nick Monk, the band were taught by Alex Turner's father a Rawmarsh Comprehensive School.
Composed of bundles of blankets wrapped in a mattress.
Composed of comic-book professionals and initially formed as an honorary society focused on discussing the comic-book craft and hosting an annual awards banquet, the ACBA evolved into an advocacy organization focused on creators' rights.
Composed of Cordova limestone, the three-story rectangular building was designed in the Beaux Arts style.
Composed of Craig Mercer on guitar and vocals, Mike MacDougall on bass, Aaron Collier on keyboards and effects, and Nick Wombolt on drums, the band has been most often described as rocktronica.
Composed of Dave Johnston, Ben Kaufmann, Adam Aijala, Allie Kral, and Jacob Joliff, the band has released five studio albums and several live recordings to date.
Composed of distinct sections, it avoids the verse-chorus form present in most contemporary pop music.
Composed of diverse alien species, it first appeared in Strange Tales vol 1 #178 (February 1975), written by Jim Starlin.
Composed of DJs Brett Austin, and Murray Hood.
Composed of Donna Herrick (lead vocals and mandolin), her husband Kerry Herrick (vocals and bass), Jefferson Rogers (lead guitar, slide Guitar, banjo, ebow).
Composed of educational seminars, leisure activities, and food and beverage events, the program is currently in its 92nd year, predating the School of Hotel Administration and making HEC one of the oldest organizations at Cornell University.
Composed of five musicians, they released two albums before disbanding in 1988.
Composed of footage shot at a number of gay pride events around the United States in 1977, the film captures a time just as the gay rights movement began facing the first organized backlash in the form of Anita Bryant and her campaign to repeal anti-discrimination protection in Dade County.
Composed of forgotten album tracks and almost hit singles, most of these songs have not been released outside of the UK prior to this 2003 compellation.
Composed of former members of DIY math-rock bands Adebisi Shank and The Cast of Cheers, the new project marks a sharp turn into commercial pop music, signing with Warner Music.
Composed of former members of Pretty Girls Make Graves after its disbandment in 2007, former PGMG-member Derek Fudesco teamed up with Pete Quirk (of Hint Hint) and Marty Lund (of Cobra High) and began playing in the Seattle area.
Composed of forty-one stanzas, the poem is a philosophical treatment of death by looking at the life cycle of a flower.
Composed of functionaries from the KPD and ten anti-fascist prisoners of war, their job was to seek out anti-fascist individuals and prepare the groundwork for the re-establishment of communist organizations and unions in postwar Berlin.
Composed of gay men and their friends, the chorus aims to promote community spirit and a positive image of the gay community.
Composed of Gena Olivier (vocals, drums), Larry Schemel (guitar), and Jason Hammons (keyboards, guitar), the indie rock trio quickly crafted a moody and stylish sound.
Composed of granite, it has a height of 627m.
Composed of hand-picked men most of whom were qualified to receive commissions, it became the favorite unit of both Generals William S. Rosecrans and George H. Thomas.
Composed of hip hop and contemporary R&B, the soundtrack peaked at 60 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums.
Composed of igneous rock resulting from its long volcanic history, the area is covered by a thin layer of soil.
Composed of infantry and cavalry, the Scottish force was commanded by Alexander of Dundonald, Steward of Scotland.
Composed of jazz musicians that turned to rock music in the late 60s (Carlos Mellino was a member of The Seasons), while other future members were regular visitors at the historic "La Cueva" club, Alma y Vida were pioneers in Argentina of jazz-rock in the vein of Blood, Sweat & Tears, group whose music influenced the band's formative sound.
Composed of Jen Wood and Madigan Shive, they were active in the grrrl pop scene, playing what was later to be termed folk punk.
Composed of just two blocks near the border between Grafton Hill and Dayton View, the historic district comprises a cohesive collection of houses dating primarily from the turn of the 20th century, and it has been named a historic site.
Composed of Kevin Sullivan, The Butcher and Avalanche, the group fought against Hulk Hogan.
Composed of knowledgeable representatives of business, it had a mandate to oversee all publicity, posters, exhibits, fairs, and advertising.
Composed of Krayzie Bone, Flesh-N-Bone, Layzie Bone, Bizzy Bone and Wish Bone, BTNH Worldwide was created because of freedom of album concept not being handled adequately by previous record labels such as Ruthless Records and Interscope Records.
Composed of local fascists, rightist members of the former military and police, and nationalist students, the organization participated in the Holocaust, looting and killing the local Jewish population.
Composed of members of Beep Beep, Broken Spindles, Head of Femur, and The Faint, their members were Chris Hughes, Eric Bemberger, Ben Armstrong, and Joel Petersen.
Composed of members of such influential bands as Born Against, Avail and Ted Leo and the Pharmacists, they released two albums and numerous singles on Vermiform and Lookout!
Composed of men from St. Louis' First Ward, the regiment was unusually large, with 1,200 men in 12 companies.
Composed of men taken from existing Heer units and airmen and sailors retasked to infantry duties, the division fought on the retreating Western Front until it was largely encircled in the Ruhr Pocket in April 1945.
Composed of mostly five acre blocks, the district functions primarily as a commuter town for those working in the nearby regional centers of Morwell and Traralgon.
Composed of multiple internal "studios," Kaleidica can produce patterns reminiscent of kaleidoscope art, Arabic tapestries, psychedelic "op-art," mandala and yantra meditative patterns, and abstract forms akin to Kandinsky or Renoir.
Composed of nearly 1,000 members in 20 countries, CMG forecasts color trends from one to three years in advance for color-related products and services.
Composed of one DJ (Grandmaster Flash) and five rappers (Melle Mel, The Kidd Creole, Keef Cowboy, Mr. Ness/Scorpio, and Rahiem), the group's use of turntablism, break-beat deejaying, and conscious lyricism were significant in the early development of hip hop music.
Composed of only displayable ANSI characters, it can be easily created and processed by other applications, such as databases.
Composed of original technical articles, breaking news, and multimedia content, the SPIE Newsroom is a news website that covers the latest technical developments in optics and photonics.
Composed of over 300 members, Tiger Band's mission is to provide inspiring spirit and entertainment to not only the university, but beyond.
Composed of over 400 men and women from the school's Corps of Cadets, it is the largest military marching band in the world.
Composed of part of the town of Conception Bay South.
Composed of plastic, aluminum, stainless steel, titanium or carbon fiber, it is attached to the main frame of a bicycle, the handlebars, behind the saddle, or, in uncommon cases, the fork.
Composed of pond, marsh, field, and forest habitats, a diverse collection of animal and plant species can be found.
Composed of producer Kaz Gamble (a.k.a. DJ Kazimir), vocalist Sisely Treasure, and former Luscious Jackson bassist Jill Cunniff.
Composed of professional free-lance musicians from the Cleveland area and beyond, the orchestra partners with community leaders, mayors, council members, and local civic organizations, to expand the audience for cultural events.
Composed of prominent political, scientific and industrial figures, the Interim Committee had broad terms of reference which included advising the President on wartime controls and the release of information, and making recommendations on post-war controls and policies related to nuclear energy, including legislation.
Composed of prosecutor offices and courts-martial, it is the only specialized judicial authority anticipated in the Constitution of the Islamic Republic of Iran.
Composed of rappers Billy Danze and Lil' Fame, the duo are known for their aggressive lyrical delivery style.
Composed of rappers Braille and Odd Thomas and producer Courtland Urbano, the group coalesced in 2011 while the three artists were involved in the creation of Braille's seventh release, Native Lungs.
Composed of rapper Talib Kweli and DJ/hip hop producer Hi-Tek, it is the duo's follow-up to their collaborative debut Train of Thought (2000).
Composed of recordings that Kaufman made on microcassette from 1977 to 1979, the album was created by several of Kaufman's friends as well as contemporary comedians.
Composed of representatives from federal government agencies, Perkins tasked the committee to recommend federal policies regarding apprenticeships.
Composed of representatives of all Contracting Parties, its basic function is to promote the full implementation of the Treaty, including the provision of policy guidance on the implementation of the Treaty.
Composed of Schwann cells, these masses are generally slow growing and can be found in the peripheral nerve tract, often around the head and neck.
Composed of scientists and science journalists, the organization conducts scientific research on climate change and energy issues, and produces multimedia content that is distributed via their website and media partners.
Composed of seafaring men from the area around Marblehead, Massachusetts, it manned the boats during the New York and New Jersey campaign of 1776 and the crossing of the Delaware River before and after the Battle of Trenton.
Composed of servers, storage, networking, and integrated software and services, the systems are designed to address the cost and complexity of data center operations and maintenance by pulling the IT components together into a single resource pool so they are easier to manage and faster to deploy.
Composed of seven individual bays, Unalaska Bay opens onto the Bering Sea.
Composed of seven justices, led by Chief Justice Lawton Nuss, the court supervises the legal profession, administers the judicial branch, and serves as the state court of last resort in the appeals process.
Composed of Shane Parsons (vocals/guitar) and Simon Ridley (drums), they put out two EPs before releasing their debut album, Bloodstreams, in April 2012.
Composed of short stories narrated by the author, the book often focuses on the narrator's humorous excess.
Composed of silicon bronze, the sculptures depict faces of a laughing man and a smiling boy.
Composed of simple vernacular structures and buildings with clear architectural stylistic influences, the farm has been home to members of the same families for nearly two hundred years, and it has been named a historic site.
Composed of six improvised suites, the album is a fusion of jazz and Arabic music,melding Hellborg's polyrhythms and Middle Eastern modal harmonic structures with authentic sounds of ethnic instruments played by local musicians.
Composed of small, single- or double-family houses, the district includes houses built from the late nineteenth century through the middle of the twentieth century.
Composed of Social Credit backbenchers in the Legislative Assembly of Alberta, it was created in the aftermath of the 1937 Social Credit backbenchers' revolt.
Composed of songs written by Billy Strayhorn, the album was a critical and commercial success, leading to the first of three Grammy Awards Henderson would receive while under contract with Verve Records.
Composed of staccato verses, a harmonious chorus and a solo middle eight, "Denial" is a Europop and soft rock song that samples "Standing in the Way of Control" by The Gossip.
Composed of State Route 171 (SR 171), the Airport Tunnel, and arterial streets, the airport connector provides vehicular access to the passenger terminals at McCarran International Airport.
Composed of students from all over the country, the Southerners and Marching Ballerinas perform for thousands each season.
Composed of teenagers, the group's music was nonetheless focused on an adult market.
Composed of the Dean or equivalent of each dental school in the UK, the current chair is Professor Callum Youngson, Head of the School of Dentistry at the University of Liverpool.
Composed of the Materials Library and the MakeSpace, its work focuses on hands-on research into materials and making from many different perspectives.
Composed of the Rhode Island State Police, the Division of the Rhode Island State Fire Marshal, the Rhode Island Municipal Police Training Academy, the E 9-1-1 Uniform Emergency Telephone System, the Rhode Island Capitol Police, the Rhode Island Division of Sheriffs, the Department of Public Safety Central Management Office, and the Public Safety Grants Administration Office.
Composed of the triplets Diana, Sylvia, and Vicky Villegas (all born April 18th) of an American mother and a Mexican father, the group recorded in both English and Spanish.
Composed of the two main caverns, it is situated on the eastern side of Cagayan de Oro River, along the brow of a vertical limestone cliff.
Composed of three cardinal plane components: subtalar eversion, ankle dorsiflexion, and forefoot abduction, these three distinct motions of the foot occur simultaneously during the pronation phase.
Composed of three nineteenth-century buildings, the district includes the oldest structures on the university's campus.
Composed of Tom Parkin, Mike Quick and James Gorely they have been releasing their music since 2006.
Composed of twelve short stories first published in magazines, the novel is based on the life of Terhune's real-life Rough Collie, Lad.
Composed of twenty-two interconnected stories with recurring characters, the work is often described by critics as a short-story collection, though some argue that it has novel-like features similar to Louise Erdrich's Love Medicine.
Composed of twin motors with separate combustion chambers and turbopump machinery, it is considered a single unit.
Composed of twin spans, it carries two lanes of Interstate 526 in each direction across the Ashley River and the surrounding marshes.
Composed of two disjointed enclaves, the zamindari was surrounded on three sides by the Tanjore taluk of Tanjore district and on the south-west by princely state of Pudukkottai.
Composed of two large outcrops of rock, it is 396 meters above sea level.
Composed of two stacked cylinders lined with Algae, the cylinders would spin in opposite directions.
Composed of ultrasonically welded strips, the Neoloy Geocell is opened up on-site to a form a 3D honeycomb-like matrix, and then infilled with soil material to stabilize and reinforce soil.
Composed of units of the Royal Air Force and South African Air Force under the Mediterranean Allied Air Forces command, it was active from 7 June 1944 until 15 July 1945.
Composed of uplifted 2.4-million-year-old volcanic rocks from the Clear Lake Volcanic Field, it is one of the few mountains in the San Francisco Bay Area to receive any snowfall during the winter.
Composed of up to 3000 members, this group currently operates in Malaysia, Indonesia, Singapore, Australia, Kazakhstan, and Jordan, though it has plans to open chapters in England and France in 2013.
Composed of weekly core events, themed celebrations, culinary workshops, and competitions organized island-wide, this month-long festival celebrates the local perennial food favorites that have given Singapore an international reputation of a diverse food heaven.
Composed of writers and childhood best friends Andy Samberg, Akiva Schaffer, and Jorma Taccone, the album consists of hip hop-inspired comedy songs and skits with a satirical slant on traditional hip hop culture.
Composed of young Mormon missionaries the team played all over Australia and became widely known.
Composed of young professionals from around the world, each year it brings together 32 graduate musicians for an intensive and wide-ranging program of performance and professional development.
Composed over more than twenty years, the poetry is written in terza rima and divided into twelve chapters honoring allegorical figures such as Love, Chastity, Death, and Fame, who vanquish each other in turn.
Composed over the first five days of July in 1940, it was given its world premiere on July 8 of that year at the Berkshire Music Center at Tanglewood under the direction of G. Wallace Woodworth.
Composed primarily of chitin, it lies within the shell sac, which is responsible for its secretion.
Composed primarily of high-energy protons and atomic nuclei, they are of uncertain origin.
Composed primarily of pop standards such as "Ol' Man River" and "For Once in My Life" (later a major hit for Motown labelmate Stevie Wonder), and similar songs written by Holland-Dozier-Holland and other Motown staff songwriters, the Mellow Mood album was part of Motown chief Berry Gordy's crossover plans for the group.
Composed primarily of schools from Texas, at various times the conference included schools from Oklahoma and Arkansas as well.
Composed primarily of the 1st Michigan Cavalry, 5th Michigan Cavalry, 6th Michigan Cavalry and 7th Michigan Cavalry, the Michigan Brigade fought in every major campaign of the Army of the Potomac from the Battle of Gettysburg in July 1863 to the Confederate surrender at Appomattox Court House in April 1865.
Composed primarily of the ground-based Nepalese Army, organized into six active combat divisions, the Nepalese Armed Forces also operates the smaller Nepalese Army Air Service designed to support army operations and provide close light combat support.
Composed primarily of traditionally-trained M.D. and D.O. physicians from many specialities, the principal goals of the AAEM are physician education and the expansion of medical knowledge about often-overlooked effects on human health of environmental exposures encountered in everyday life.
Composed primarily of women, the movement was active in English-speaking nations from the late 1860s to about 1910, exerting an important influence on the contemporaneous feminist, eugenics, and birth control movements.
Composed primarily on the basis of the 1972 presidential election, the song was supposedly the first release from Gaye's next album, You're the Man, but the song's modest success forced Gaye to shelve the album in protest.
Composed, produced and arranged by Chicco Twala, and performed by Winnie Khumalo, its title is translated into English as "I will remain an ANC for life".
Composed songs for Kingfisher backstage and for various other channels.
Composed to celebrate the 1850th anniversary of Kalisz, the six-part jazz suite was recorded in March 2011, and released in Poland on November 13, 2012, and in the United States on August 13, 2013 through Summit Records.
Composed when Beethoven was nineteen, it was neither published, nor apparently performed until it premiered in Vienna in November 1884, fifty-seven years after Beethoven's death, and it was first printed in an 1888 supplement to the Complete Works.
Composed while Wollstonecraft was a governess in Ireland, the novel was published in 1788 shortly after her summary dismissal and her decision to embark on a writing career, a precarious and disreputable profession for women in 18th-century Britain.
Composed with lyrics in the Bengali language, Bengali music spans a wide variety of styles.
Compose is a private, Database-as-a-Service (DBaaS) platform for securely hosting and managing shared and dedicated MongoDB instances.
Compose is used by a majority of the cloud hosting service Heroku's MongoDB users, being the only remote Mongo host for over a year.
Composer Alan Menken and lyricist Stephen Schwartz, who had written songs for previous Disney films, produced the songs of Enchanted, with Menken also composing its score.
Composer Alan Menken, who had worked on prior Disney animated features, returned to score Tangled.
Composer and band leader Tuomas Holopainen has said of Storytime that it "is a single that pretty well represents the whole album", and that it give a better picture of the album than "Eva" and "Amaranth" did as the first two singles to the 2007 album Dark Passion Play.
Composer and conductor Leonard Bernstein was an admirer of her voice, and she performed with him and the New York Philharmonic on a number of occasions during the late 1950s and early 1960s.
Composer and jazz trombonist Ed Neumeister (born Topeka, Kansas, September 1, 1952) frequently tours Europe, Japan and the U.S. writing for and performing as guest soloist with bands and orchestras as well as performing solo, duo, trio and quartet concerts.
Composer and lyricist of Wicked, Stephen Schwartz, produced the album aided by Frank Filipetti, Jill Dell'Abate, Jason Spears, Justin Shturtz, Jason Stasium and Ted Jensen.
Composer and musician Jocelyn Pook contributions to the songs Hello Heavenly, Runaway, and Teardrops Will Fall.
Composer and musician Jocelyn Pook contributions to the songs "Waltz in Black", "Valley of the Birds", "Daddy's Riding the Range", "Golden Brown" and "No More Heroes".
Composer and musician Michael Kamen arranged and conducted the orchestra, expanding on Bush's original piano accompaniment.
Composer and pianist Marvin Hamlisch's adaptation reached #3 on the Billboard pop chart and spent a week at #1 on the easy listening chart in 1974.
Composer A. R. Rahman serves as Head Principal of the Conservatory and Fathima Rafiq as Executive Director.
Composer Barry Gray devised a unique score at the request of Anderson, who judged the series' archived incidental music unsuited to the episode's tone.
Composer Bill Laswell, who had worked with the band on their previous album, returned to fill production duties.
Composer Brad Fiedel also returned with another distinct synthesizer score.
Composer Bruno Mantovani orchestrated the 99 parts of Hexagone, and the recording of this orchestration was released as Radiophonie Vol.
Composer Carl Orff is buried in the church.
Composer Carmino Ravosa, who learned of Catt's residence there while researching a musical, has worked to preserve it.
Composer Charles Bernstein earned a Primetime Emmy Award nomination for "Outstanding Music Composition for a Miniseries, Movie, or a Special".
Composer Chris Ballew said that the lyrics combined his own history of having a benign tumor in the head with a vision he had of a woman in a swamp, while employing the word "lump" because Ballew was fond of it.
Composer-conductor John Gart furnished the music.
Composer credit goes to Nanker Phelge, a title giving credit equally to all members of the band.
Composer David Campbell assisted with orchestrating the album's strings and choirs.
Composer Dennis McCarthy sought to increase the tempo of the music used in this episode, and included an unused piece written for The Next Generation episode "Qpid"; he was nominated for Outstanding Music Composition at the Emmy Awards for his work on "Heroes and Demons".
Composer Dimitri Tiomkin won an Academy Award for his original score while his title song for the film also was nominated for an Oscar (although the title song did not actually appear in release prints nor in the recent restoration of the film).
Composer Don Music was a Muppet character on the children's television show Sesame Street.
Composer Georges Hugon lived at number 5 while Reynaldo Hahn lived at number 7.
Composer Gerald Marks' band, the Gerald Marks's Hotel Tuller Orchestra, was based at the hotel.
Composer Giorgis Koutsourelis was born at Kissamos, Crete in 1914.
Composer Guy Moon, who has worked throughout the series, won an Annie Award for his music in the first part of the trilogy in 2010.
Composer Harry Warren and lyricist Al Dubin were nominated at the 10th Academy Awards in the category of Best Song for "Remember Me".
Composer Hitoshi Sakimoto was involved with making the game's music.
Composer Howard Shore received recognition for his original score, as he was the recipient of two Academy Awards, two BAFTA nominations, and three Grammy Awards in addition to a number of other awards.
Composer Ilayaraja wrote the music while Madhan Karki penned the lyrics.
Composer Irving Berlin was a huge admirer of the song.
Composer is a graphical WYSIWYG HTML editor.
Composer is an album by pianist Cedar Walton which was recorded in 1996 and released on the Astor Place label.
Composer is an application-level package manager for the PHP programming language that provides a standard format for managing dependencies of PHP software and required libraries.
Composer is primarily a scorewriter and music sequencer software that is developed and released by Notation Software Germany for Microsoft Windows and with Wine for macOS, Linux Ubuntu and Linux openSUSE.
Composer is strongly inspired by Node.js's "npm" and Ruby's "bundler".
Composer James Horner returned to expand his themes from the previous film.
Composer Jean Sibelius used Kianto's poem 'Lastu lainehilla' (Driftwood) as the lyric for the beautiful last of his Seven Songs, Op.17 (1902).
Composer Jimmy Hinson produced the game's music.
Composer Joe Arizona wrote sheet music for the song in 1905 that was published by Jos.
Composer John Luther Adams uses Blackfeet Indian pencils when writing music.
Composer John Powell returned as the Bourne composer, having created the scores for the two previous films.
Composer John Powell returned to score the film.
Composer Kunii Kei was also responsible for the screenplay using character designs by Akahori Shigeo, who was also animation director.
Composer Laurie Spiegel briefly worked with Mathews on this language at Bell Labs early in the 1980s.
Composer Liam Reilly had represented Ireland in the 1990 Eurovision Song Contest in Zagreb, coming in second place with his own composition; Kim Jackson had also provided backing vocals for that entry.
Composer Lorenc Antoni worked in the city during the early 1940s; another composer is Venqenc Gjini.
Composer Luciano Berio named his orchestral piece Nones, originally planned as an oratorio, after Auden's poem.
Composer/lyricist Marc Shaiman and lyricist Scott Wittman reworked their songs from the Broadway musical for the film's soundtrack, and also wrote four new songs for the film.
Composer Marc Shaiman was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Original Music Score, while Hawn was awarded a Blockbuster Entertainment Award and both Midler and Parker received Satellite Award nominations for their portrayals.
Composer Martha Callison Horst served as President for a number of years.
Composer members come from varying professional fields and activities that include academia, performance, arts administration, school teaching, private teaching, workshop leadership and composition as their major activity.
Composer Michiel van der Kuy and producer Erik van Vliet are known to be key members of the studio project, while other members such as Ruud van Es, Rob van Eijk and Julius Wijnmalen, the composer of the recent studio album Strikes Back from 2000, have been involved as well.
Composer Mick Gordon took inspiration from multiple sources while producing the soundtrack, ultimately creating over six hours of music.
Composer Mike Reagan received acclaim for the game's music and later gave live performances of the game's soundtrack at Video Games Live shows.
Composer Mychael Danna later rearranged the song for the 1997 film The Sweet Hereafter, where it is performed by Sarah Polley.
Composer Normand Corbeil wrote the score, which was recorded at Abbey Road Studios.
Composer of "Are You Going?" for piano six hands, Pitts curated two Severnside Composers Alliance concerts of music for piano triet by living composers.
Composer of many enduring gospel classics, Dorsey is considered to be the Father of Gospel Music.
Composer of over 500 songs, Boschetti has also transformed many poems into songs by adding music to the lyrics.
Composer of the Week is a long-running biographical music program broadcast on BBC Radio 3.
Composer Ollie Olsen is also a member.
Composer Paul-Henri-Joseph Lebrun (21 April 1863 - 4 November 1920) was a Belgian composer and professor at the Ghent Conservatory, who won the Belgian Prix de Rome for music in 1891.
Composer Peter Allen was nominated for a Leo Award for his score for the film.
Composer refused to give permission for a translation, so musician Kirka sung it in Swedish.
Composer Riz Ortolani used a chorus for his film score.
Composer Robert Prince also contributed some music to a few dance numbers.
Composer Rochak Kohli recreated it for 2017 spy thriller Naam Shabana.
Composer runs through the command line and installs dependencies (e.g. libraries) for an application.
Composer Ryan Fraley created an orchestrated piece based on the poem called "Butterfly's Ball".
Composers Al Rinker and Willard Robison were hired, until the record end was eventually phased out, and by 1964, Pepper Studios exclusively become a Jingle Commercial company.
Composers and musicians have made use of birds in their music in different ways: they can be inspired by birdsong; they can intentionally imitate bird song in a composition; they can incorporate recordings of birds into their works, as Ottorino Respighi first did; or, like the cellist Beatrice Harrison in 1924 and more recently the jazz musician David Rothenberg, they can duet with birds.
Composers and performers who have been part of the festival include Michael Stimpson, Evelyn Glennie, Sally Beamish, liminal, Jem Finer, the Maggini string quartet, Dominic Murcott, Eduardo Reck Miranda, John Matthias, Plaid, Alexis Kirke and Jonty Harrison.
Composers are known to write for them as tuned instruments, demanding specific pitches.
Composers began setting the poems to music less than ten years after their first appearance.
Composers commissioned by the society include Elliott Carter, Ned Rorem, Vittorio Rieti and Henri Sauguet.
Composers correlate with the ISFP Myers-Briggs type.
Composer S. Drummond Wolff was organist at the cathedral from 1959-1962.
Composer Sebastian Evans II provided the show's score.
Composers featured include John Cage, Morton Feldman, Iannis Xenakis, and Harry Partch.
Composers featured on the album include Louis Moreau Gottschalk, Franz Schubert, Blind Boone, Blind Tom, and Ossip Gabrilowitsch.
Composers found ways to make vocal music more expressive of the texts they were setting.
Composers from both sides looked back on Beethoven as their spiritual and artistic hero; the conservatives seeing him as an unsurpassable peak, the progressives as a new beginning in music.
Composers from Praetorius through W.F. Bach to Rachmaninoff and Richard Strauss spent a significant amount of time in the German city of Dresden.
Composers have also successfully used the part song medium to make contemporary arrangements of traditional folk song including that of Scotland, England, Wales and Ireland.
Composers have long hired ghostwriters to help them to write musical pieces and songs; Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart is an example of a well-known composer who was paid to ghostwrite music for wealthy patrons.
Composers include Julian Yu, George Dreyfus, John Sangster, Eve Duncan, Percy Grainger, Mark Clement Pollard, Brenton Broadstock, Tony Gould, Peter Sculthorpe, Cezary Skubiszewski, David Joseph, Marshall-Hall, Nigel Westlake, Carl Vine, David Chisholm, Larry Sitsky, Kanako Okamoto, Andrew Ford, Andrew Byrne, Thomas Reiner, Christian Heim and others.
Composers including Jonathan Dawe, Christian Carey, and Conrad Cummings have dedicated new organ works to him.
Composer/singer Mairead Hannan saw the documentary and formed a project with her sister Deirdre Hannan, Kelly, Carmody, Alice Garner, Romeril and Perkins.
Composers in the 19th century included Semen Hulak-Artemovsky, Mykola Lysenko, and Mykhailo Verbytsky.
Composers known for their art songs include Franz Schubert and Robert Schumann.
Composers like Georg Philipp Telemann composed cycles of church cantatas comprising all 72 of these occasions (e.g. Harmonischer Gottes-Dienst).
Composers like Mani Sharma and A. R. Rahman worked as assistants with Koti during the initial part of their career.
Composers may specify these aspects of expression to a greater or lesser extent in the notation of their musical score.
Composers often rely on graphic notation in experimental music, where standard musical notation can be ineffective.
Composers of the Mannheim school played an important role in the development of the classical period's genres and of the classical symphony form.
Composers of the younger generation she has worked with include John Lely, Li-Chuan Chong and James Saunders.
Composers on the album include Andrew York, Pat Metheny, Ralph Towner, Evan Hirschelman, Brian Head, Bryan Johanson, Chet Atkins and Steve Howe.
Composers on this list had some period of significant activity after 1400, before 1600, or in a few cases they wrote music in a Renaissance idiom in the several decades after 1600.
Composers Pino Donaggio and Giorgio Moroder and lyricist Carla Vistarini served as the artistic directors.
Composers represented on the label include Johnson's husband Robert Ashley (most of whose major works are in its catalog), as well as David Behrman, Alvin Lucier, Paul Dresher, William Duckworth, Jon Hassell, Joan La Barbara, David Tudor, Peter Gordon, and Meredith Monk, among others.
Composers started writing music for this special combination in the second half of the twentieth century.
Composers such as Conlon Nancarrow, David A. Jaffe, Evgeni Kostitsyn, Kyle Gann, Kenneth Jonsson, John Arrigo-Nelson, Brian Ferneyhough, Karlheinz Stockhausen, Frank Zappa, and Peter Thoegersen have used various methods in achieving polytempic effects in their music.
Composers such as Louis Andriessen, Cornelis de Bondt and Martijn Padding have written works for him.
Composers Weatherspoon and Riser and lyricist Dean had originally written "What Becomes of the Brokenhearted" with the intention of having The Spinners, then an act on Motown's V.I.P. label, record the tune.
Composers who only stayed briefly in Dresden for concerts are not included.
Composers who place key changes in tunes typically have them modulate upwards.
Composers whose names are italicized have no known surviving music, although in some cases the text of compositions attributed to them survive.
Composers who worked on the film are Prashant Pillai, Thaikkudam Bridge, Masala Coffee, Gaurav Godkhindi, Agam, Filter Coffee, Brodha V, TaalAtma, Abhinav Bhansal, Sooraj Kurup and Sez.
Composers who worked outside of their country of origin are listed according to where they were most active, i.e. German-born Johannes Hieronymus Kapsberger is listed under Italy.
Composers Workshop is an album featuring jazz bassist Charles Mingus.
Composer talks are also a feature of the alliance's activities, with opportunities to hear analysis of the composers' thought processes, structure, form and interests in composing their music.
Composer Tony Renis served as the artistic director.
Composer Troels Brun Folmann remade and expanded the music using an orchestral style.
Composer/trumpeter John Carisi's three tracks are performed by an orchestra drawn from the top ranks of New York jazz and studio musicians and features solos by Phil Woods.
Composer Vidyasagar won a Filmfare award as well.
Composer Vijay Antony plays the lead role of a psychopathic killer; he also produced the film and worked as the music director.
Composer was initially developed by Netscape as a component of the company's internet suites; however, after the company was bought by AOL in 1998, further development of its codebase was made open source and overseen by the Mozilla Foundation.
Composer Werner Janssen was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Music.
Composer William Grant Still and soprano Leontyne Price both have associations with the company.
Composhield is a privately held company.
Composia credula is a moth of the family Erebidae.
Composia is a genus of tiger moths in the family Erebidae.
Composia utowana is a moth of the family Erebidae.
Composing an American Life.
Composing continues to be his main activity.
Composing its faculty were the following: L.C. Ferrell, principal, Mrs. C. Keating, Miss Margaret C. Hanson and Miss Willie C. Garnett.
Composita had a smooth shell with a more or less distinct fold and sulcus and a round opening for the pedicle on the pedicle valve.
Composita is a brachiopod genus that lived from the Late Devonian to the Late Permian.
Composita is included in the family Athyrididae (Order Athyridida) and placed in the subfamily Spirigerellinae.
Composite applications can be built using any technology or architecture.
Composite applications function by reusing existing functionality to provide a new service; in this they are principally similar to mash-ups, although the domain and business areas of mash-ups and composite applications can be quite different or even unrelated.
Composite applications often incorporate orchestration of "local" application logic to control how the composed functions interact with each other to produce the new, derived functionality.
Composite armor is a type of vehicle armor consisting of layers of different material such as metals, plastics, ceramics or air.
Composite artifact colors is a designation commonly used to address several graphic modes of some 1970s and 1980s home computers.
Composite art produces a single, graphic image that is designed to be a likeness or similarity of the individual.
Composite baseball bats, opposed to aluminum or wood baseball bats, incorporate a reinforced carbon fiber polymer, or composite, into the bat's construction.
Composite bats can also be constructed to improve their trampoline effect over time.
Composite bats, tested after they were already broke in, showed performance standards well beyond the accepted ball exit speed ratio (BESR) Test.
Composite bearings can be customized to meet the individual requirements of many applications, such as wear- or high-temperature resistance.
Composite bows are still made and used in Korea and in China, and the tradition has been revived elsewhere.
Composite bows have been known from archeology and art since the second millennium BCE, but their history is not well recorded as they were developed by cultures without a written tradition.
Composite Capability/Preference Profiles (CC/PP) is a specification for defining capabilities and preferences (also known as 'delivery context') of user agents.
Composite classes are more common in smaller schools; an extreme form is the one-room school.
Composite construction is often used in building aircraft, watercraft, and building construction.
Composite construction was also used for some steamships.
Composite Drawing: the main objective is to help investigators generate leads based on physical descriptions.
Composite entity is a Java EE Software design pattern and it is used to model, represent, and manage a set of interrelated persistent objects rather than representing them as individual fine-grained entity beans, and also a composite entity bean represents a graph of objects.
Composite epoxy materials (CEM) are a group of composite materials typically made from woven glass fabric surfaces and non-woven glass core combined with epoxy synthetic resin.
Composite flowers (daisy and chamomile) and mints (spearmint, peppermint, or catnip) will attract predatory wasps, hoverflies, and robber flies.
Composite gear housing refers to the use of composite materials to enclose the components of motor transmissions.
Composite House for Terre Haute is a public artwork by American artist Lauren Ewing, located in Gilbert Park at 14 1/2 Street and Wabash Ave.
Composite lumber is a material that is a mixture of wood fiber, plastic, and some type of binding agent.
Composite market maker prices are used to calculate the FTSE MTIRS Index series and are used for rebalancing, supplying perfect correlation to OTC Interest Rate Swaps and effectively tracks fixed for floating Interest rates enabling the tracking of OTC Interest rate Swap exposure.
Composite materials are used in a wide range of applications in aerospace, marine, automotive, surface transport and sports equipment markets.
Composite materials are very light and strong and hence much used in aircraft and spacecraft industries.
Composite materials lend themselves better than metal to fluid "organic" aerodynamic shapes of high efficiency, and the advent of sophisticated computer-aided design and modeling has led to an expansion in the use of these materials and forms.
Composite materials were used to control the aeroelastic divergent twisting experienced by forward-swept wings, and to reduce weight.
Composite measure in statistics and research design refer to composite measures of variables, i.e. measurements based on multiple data items.
Composite or hybrid muscles are those muscles which have more than one set of fibers but perform the same function and are usually supplied by different nerves for different set of fibers.
Composite particles can also be truly neutral.
Composite pattern: a tree structure of objects where every object has the same interface Decorator pattern: add additional functionality to a class at runtime where subclassing would result in an exponential rise of new classes Extensibility pattern: a.k.a. Framework - hide complex code behind a simple interface Facade pattern: create a simplified interface of an existing interface to ease usage for common tasks Flyweight pattern: a large quantity of objects share a common properties object to save space Marker pattern: an empty interface to associate metadata with a class.
Composite pattern: defines Composite object (e.g. a shape) designed as a composition of one-or-more similar objects (other kinds of shapes/geometries), all exhibiting similar functionality.
Composite portraiture (also known as composite photographs) is a technique invented by Sir Francis Galton in the 1880s after a suggestion by Herbert Spencer for registering photographs of human faces on the two eyes to create an "average" photograph of all those in the photographed group.
Composite propellers are made of an extremely strong, high-tech material.
Composites of MAX phases, an emerging class of ternary carbides or nitrides with aluminum or titanium alloys have been studied since 2006 as high-value materials exhibiting favorable properties of ceramics in terms of hardness and compressive strength alongside ductility and fracture toughness typically associated with metals.
Composite Software, Inc was previously a privately held data virtualization software company based in San Mateo, California.
Composite Software was founded in October 2001 by Michael R. Abbott.
Composite structure diagram in the Unified Modeling Language (UML) is a type of static structure diagram, that shows the internal structure of a class and the collaborations that this structure makes possible.
Composite sync Combines horizontal and vertical synchronization onto one pair of wires.
Composite test scores from 2009 are in the top 25% in the district among high schools, and exceed the state average.
Composite transposons will also often carry one or more genes conferring antibiotic resistance.
Compositeurs et Chansons de Paris is a French short film directed by Henri Verneuil in 1951.
Composite video mostly comes in three standard formats: NTSC, PAL, and SECAM.
Composite video (one channel) is an analog video transmission (without audio) that carries standard definition video typically at 480i or 576i resolution.
Compositio Mathematica is a bimonthly peer-reviewed mathematics journal established by L.E.J. Brouwer in 1935.
Composition 113 is a solo album by composer Anthony Braxton featuring his title piece, for one soloist, a large photograph, and prepared stage, which was released on the Sound Aspects label in 1984.
Composition 192 is a live album by composer and saxophonist Anthony Braxton with vocalist Lauren Newton, recorded at Queen Elizabeth Hall in 1996 and released on the Leo label.
Composition 98 is an album by composer Anthony Braxton featuring the title piece, recorded in 1981 performed by a quartet, and originally released on the hat ART label as a double LP containing live and studio versions of the composition, but only the studio version was rereleased on CD in 1990.
Compositional changes in the crystals growth rings can be used to estimate the thermodynamic history of the entire crystal.
Compositionality is a significant issue and consideration in the design of ITL.
Compositionally pure polycrystalline silicon wafers are useful for photovoltaics.
Compositionally, the painting is similar to De Morgan's Flora and Cassandra: Helena is standing upright and tall, in a peaceful posture that reminds to Boticcelli's representations of Greek and Roman goddesses (such as Athena or Venus) that are, at the same time, an evocation of classical art, a usual characteristic between Renaissance artists.
Compositional pattern-producing networks (CPPNs) are a variation of artificial neural networks (ANNs) that have an architecture whose evolution is guided by genetic algorithms.
Compositional support for this theory includes the rendering of the sisters in front of their husbands, taking up much more space, light falling directly onto their faces, while their husbands fade into the dark background.
Composition and candidacy of the director is approved by the National Academy of Sciences of Ukraine.
Composition and regulations of the commission along with its president are confirmed by the Verkhovna Rada on proposition of the parliamentary committee on issues of ecological policy and natural resources.
Composition consists of approximately 22,000 military personnel and 9,000 civilian employees, although their missions overlap.
Composition filters work by changing the behavior of an object through the manipulation of incoming and outgoing messages.
Composition for the Axemen is a public artwork by American sculptor Ken Wyten, located at Union Center Plaza at 840 First Street NE in Washington, D.C., United States.
Composition for use in inking was developed in England in the 1810s by Robert Harrild and another individual named Forster; they first used it for making ink balls, though they soon turned to making rollers.
Composition H6 is a castable military explosive mixture composed of the following percentages by weight: 44.0% RDX 29.5% TNT 21.0% powdered aluminum 5.0% paraffin wax as a phlegmatizing agent.
Composition implements a has-a relationship, in contrast to the is-a relationship of subtyping.
Composition/Improvisation Nos. 1, 2 & 3 is a live album by jazz saxophonist and composer Roscoe Mitchell recorded in Germany in 2004 and released on the ECM label.
Composition is credited to Brian Tregaskin.
Composition is credited to Karen Tregaskin.
Composition is of agglutinated matter, the outer layer of the wall imperforate.
Composition is one of the most important features of design especially when utilizing pre-existing materials or using diverse elements.
Composition may include carbon (C), silicon (Si), manganese (Mn), phosphorus (P), sulfur (S), and other elements.
Composition No. 174 (subtitled For Ten Percussionists, Slide Projections, Constructed Environment And Tape) is a live album by composer and conductor Anthony Braxton with the Arizona State University Percussion Ensemble recorded in Arizona in 1994 and released on the Leo label.
Composition No. 94 for Three Instrumentalists is a live album by composer and saxophonist Anthony Braxton featuring two variations of the title piece recorded in Italy in 1980 and first released on the Golden Years of New Jazz label in 1999.
Composition of herds, management practices, social organization and all other aspects of pastoralism vary between areas and between social groups.
Composition Of Sound began performing at Woodlands School, Basildon, Essex, England around March 1980, and ended at the Bridge House, London.
Composition of the song is credited to A. P. Carter and Luisa Gerstein of Lulu and the Lampshades.
Composition of the subclass has also varied; however, by definition it always includes the family Asteraceae (Compositae).
Composition of the substances inducing necrotaxis is rather complex, some of them are still obscure.
Composition over inheritance (or composite reuse principle) in object-oriented programming (OOP) is the principle that classes should achieve polymorphic behavior and code reuse by their composition (by containing instances of other classes that implement the desired functionality) rather than inheritance from a base or parent class.
Composition professionals, including those with degrees in Writing Studies and Rhetoric and Composition, often focus on a rhetorical approach to help students learn how to apply an understanding of audience, purpose, context, invention, and style to their writing processes.
Composition relates to narrative works of literature, but also relates to essays, biographies, and other works established in the field of rhetoric.
Compositions (1992) is an album by American saxophonist and composer Anthony Braxton recorded in 1993 for the Italian Black Saint label.
Compositions are arranged chronologically by year of composition, but within each year they are not necessarily listed in the order they were composed.
Compositions are developed from acoustic and electronic instruments and from sounds of the natural world used as metaphors.
Compositions by Cleary have been recorded by notable musicians including Taj Mahal, Bonnie Raitt and most recently John Scofield on his album Piety Street.
Compositions by Travancore king Swathi Thirunal was also used in the film.
Compositions "Colonial Man" and "A Song for Brazil" were re-released on CD in 1998 on Verve Records as part of The Boy's Doin' It.
Compositions for several identical instruments were apparently a particular favorite, as witnessed by, for example, flute quartets Op.
Compositions include, besides the standard "I Fall in Love Too Easily", tracks from his fusion studio albums Bitches Brew and In A Silent Way.
Compositions in Epic Greek may date from as late as the 3rd century AD, though its decline was inevitable with the rise of Koine Greek.
Compositions is the fourth album by American R&B/soul singer Anita Baker.
Compositions of the Trinity of Carnatic music are recognized as being distinct in style, and original in handling ragas.
Compositions published by Hecht-Lancaster & Buzzell Music and Calyork Music have been released by Columbia Records, Warner Bros. Records, MGM Records, ABC-Paramount Records, Capitol Records, London Records, United Artists Records, Decca Records, Mercury Records, RCA Victor Records, Jubilee Records, Coral Records, Top Rank Records, Date Records, Kapp Records, Apollo Records, Maine Records and Cabot Records.
Compositions relate to, but are not the same as, data structures, and common ones are the tagged union, set, sequence, and various graph structures, as well as the object used in object-oriented programming.
Compositions that the Breeders played on the tour included their 2018 single "Wait in the Car", the Pixies' "Gigantic", and songs by the Amps.
Composition stretched from August to first week of October 1813, and the piece proved to be a substantial moneymaker for Beethoven.
Compositions would be the last album and collaboration between Baker and producer Michael J. Powell.
Composition that is used to store several instances of the composited data type is referred to as containment.
Composition was handled by a team of composers, as with many of her albums.
Composition with Red Blue and Yellow is a 1930 painting by Piet Mondrian.
Composizioni is the second solo album by pianist Giovanni Allevi.
Composr CMS (or Composr) is a web application for creating websites.
Composr is available on various web application distributions platforms, including Installatron, Softaculous, Web Platform Installer and Bitnami.
Composr is licensed as free software and primarily written in the PHP programming language.
Compost (also titled Take Off Your Body) is the eponymous debut album from Compost.
Compost becomes anaerobic due to the absence of air, and this can result in it becoming smelly.
Compost bedded pack barns are a fairly new system for housing dairy cattle, and are appealing to producers due to the lower instances of lameness and hock lesions.
Compost bedded pack barns are typically bedded with wood shavings/sawdust, or other organic materials that are compostable.
Compostela is a 3rd municipal income class municipality in the province of Cebu, Philippines.
Compostela is the fifth full-length studio album by the Canadian singer-songwriter Jenn Grant, released October 21, 2014, on Outside Music.
Compostela is within the Metro Cebu area.
Compostela, officially the Municipality of Compostela, is a 1st class municipality in the province of Compostela Valley, Philippines.
Compostela Valley (Cebuano: Kawalogang Kompostela), or Davao de Oro , is a province in the Philippines located in the Davao Region in Mindanao.
Compostela Valley last formed part of its representation in 1998.
Compostibacillus humi has been isolated from sludge compost from Guangdong in China.
Compostibacillus is a Gram-positive, moderately thermophilic rod-shaped, and spore-forming genus of bacteria from the family of Bacillaceae with one known species (Compostibacillus humi).
Composting can be carried out at the household level, in garden composters or in composting toilets, or at municipal level at centralized composting plants.
Composting process control parameters include the initial ratios of carbon and nitrogen rich materials, the amount of bulking agent added to assure air porosity, the pile size, moisture content, and turning frequency.
Composting systems typically include organisms such as fungi that are able to break down lignin and celluloses to a greater extent than anaerobic bacteria.
Compost is a versatile product resulting from composting - the biodegradation of organic waste at household, community or citywide level.
Compost made with this method is called aerobic composting (no smell).
Compost was an American jazz fusion ensemble, that released two albums for Columbia Records.
Composure is the first full-length album by Waking Ashland, released on May 10, 2005 by Tooth & Nail Records.
Compound 48/80 is a polymer produced by the condensation of N-methyl-p-methoxyphenethylamine with formaldehyde.
Compound and goal tasks both require a sequence of primitive actions to be performed; however, goal tasks are specified in terms of conditions that have to be made true, while compound tasks can only be specified in terms of other tasks via the task network outlined below.
Compound assertibles can be built up from simple ones through the use of logical connectives.
Compound constructions such as "African Americans" likewise refer exclusively to people in or from the United States of America, as does the prefix "Americo-".
Compound Document Format (CDF) is a set of W3C candidate standards describing electronic compound document file formats that contains multiple formats, such as SVG, XHTML, SMIL and XForms.
Compound document technologies are commonly utilized on top of a software componentry framework, but the idea of software componentry includes several other concepts apart from compound documents, and software components alone do not enable compound documents.
Compounded BHT is a form of alternative medicine.
Compounded with the fact that it has an unusually high population of stars, NGC 6791 is among the most studied clusters in the sky.
Compounded with the festival's reported financial struggles, an overarching factor in the closing of the festival was a result of the May 22nd terrorist attack of an Ariana Grande concert in London.
Compound Eye Sessions is an collaboration between Marc Heal (Ashtrayhead, Cubanate) as MC Lord of the Flies and Raymond Watts (PIG, ex-KMFDM).
Compound File Binary Format (CFBF), also called Compound File, Compound Document format, or Composite Document File V2 Document (CDF), is a compound document file format for storing numerous files and streams within a single file on a disk.
Compound (formerly known as Metamorphic Ventures) is a New York-based seed fund that invests in startup and early-stage technology companies.
Compound Fracture is a 2013 American supernatural thriller.
Compound heterozygosity in medical genetics is the condition of having two heterogeneous recessive alleles at a particular locus that can cause genetic disease in a heterozygous state.
Compound heterozygosity reflects the diversity of the mutation base for many autosomal recessive genetic disorders; mutations in most disease-causing genes have arisen many times.
Compounding became popular for railway locomotives from the early 1880s and by the 1890s were becoming common.
Compounding consists of preparing plastic formulations by mixing or/and blending polymers and additives in a molten state, these blends are automatically dosed with fixed setpoints usually through feeders/hoppers.
Compounding is a legal procedure whereby a criminal or delinquent avoids prosecution in a court of law, potentially leading to the confiscation of his estate or some other punishment, in exchange for his payment to the authorities of a financial penalty or fine.
Compounding is often necessary for animal patients, as they require different dosages and medication forms from humans.
Compounding is usually done by extrusion.
Compounding matters further are the incomplete records held by the NZFA, which omit several matches (including the semi-final between Seacliff and Oamaru Rangers).
Compounding the problem, according to a presentation at the 3rd International Obesity Conference in February 2014, is that obesity-related surgeries are not covered under Saudi healthcare.
Compounding the problem is the potential for the athlete's airway being compromised.
Compounding this, different regional football associations were allowed to choose their champion team by whatever method they liked, meaning that some regions (such as Auckland) used league position to determine their entrant for the inter-regional matches, rather than a knockout competition.
Compounding this issue is that surveys affected by response bias still often have high reliability, which can lure researchers into a false sense of security about the conclusions they draw.
Compounding this problem, howling winds drive most of its residents mad.
Compounding treason is an offense under the common law of England.
Compounding was introduced in an effort to improve efficiency.
Compound Interest is a website launched in 2013 by Andy Brunning with infographics on everyday chemistry.
Compound leaves are common in many plant families and they differ widely in morphology.
Compound leaves are common in Oxalidales and the majority of the species in this order have five or six sepals and petals.
Compound Management is often a significant expense, as well as career for one or more individuals who manage a chemical library at a research site.
Compound Media (formerly The Anthony Cumia Network) is a subscription-based on-demand streaming media platform that broadcasts live American audio and video podcasts.
Compound objects combine distributed resources, including multiple media types.
Compound R19 is the most preferred compound listed in the patent covering this family.
Compound rotorcraft may also include additional thrust engines or propellers and static lifting surfaces.
Compounds analogous to thiophene include furan (C4H4O) selenophene (C4H4Se) and pyrrole (C4H4NH), which each vary by the heteroatom in the ring.
Compounds are listed alphabetically by their chemical element name rather than by symbol, as in list of inorganic compounds.
Compounds called proprotein convertase inhibitors can block their action, and block the target proteins from becoming active.
Compounds can be designed to double as living spaces and military structures in the middle of hostile territory or as a military area within a country's territory; they are also used by the extremely wealthy, powerful, paranoid or criminal to protect against threats to themselves or their property.
Compounds considered partial agonists tend to have efficacy in between this range.
Compounds containing N-sulfinyl amine can be classed as heterocumulenes.
Compounds in the ginsenoside family are found almost exclusively in plants of the Panax genus, which have long histories of use in traditional medicine; a wide variety of difficult-to-characterize biological effects have been reported for the compounds in isolation.
Compounds in this family are found almost exclusively in the plant genus Panax (ginseng), which has a long history of use in traditional medicine that has led to the study of pharmacological effects of ginseng compounds.
Compounds in which the amide nitrogen is connected to another, and then doubly-bonded, are called isonicotinoylhydrazones.
Compounds isolated from extracts of the plant include santin, ermanin, centaureidin, and hydroxyachillin.
Compounds like amino acid peptides, proteins, nucleotides, nucleic acid, amines, and antibiotics are usually not called alkaloids.
Compounds like tetramethylgermanium and tetraethylgermanium are used in the microelectronics industry as precursors for germanium dioxide chemical vapor deposition.
Compounds made up from an even number of methine groups are known as polyenes.
Compounds of amidrazones were employed as early as 1993 for controlling plant-destructive insects in crops of cultivated plants, ornamentals, and forestry.
Compounds of an onium cation and some other negative ion are known as onium compounds or onium salts.
Compounds of carbon are defined as chemical substances containing carbon.
Compounds of lead are usually found in the +2 oxidation state rather than the +4 state common with lighter members of the carbon group.
Compounds of lead exist in two main oxidation states: +2 and +4.
Compounds of this category are known as transition metal dichalcogenides, abbreviated TMDCs.
Compounds of this type react in many different ways, for instance alkylation at uranium with organolithium reagents or conversion to hybrid sandwich compounds.
Compounds of zinc are chemical compounds containing the element zinc which is a member of the group 12 of the periodic table.
Compound spirit of ether, also called Hoffmann's anodyne, Hoffmann's drops, or aetheris spiritus compositus, is a solution of one part diethyl ether in three parts alcohol.
Compounds related to soot, like polyaromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) and nitrated PAHs, are reduced also.
Compounds such as salts and esters are also called pyrophosphates.
Compounds targeting MATs range from medications such as the wide variety of tricyclic antidepressants, selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors such as fluoxetine (Prozac) to stimulant medications such as methylphenidate (Ritalin) and amphetamine in its many forms (Adderall, Dexedrine) and derivatives methamphetamine (Desoxyn) and lisdexamfetamine (Vyvanse).
Compounds that are more soluble in the upper phase will travel quickly through the column, while compounds that are more soluble in the stationary phase will linger.
Compound subjects cause many difficulties in the proper usage of grammatical agreement between the subject and other entities (verbs, pronouns, etc.).
Compounds with an allene-type structure but with more than three carbon atoms are called cumulenes.
Compounds within a homologous series typically have a fixed set of functional groups that gives them similar chemical and physical properties.
Compounds with the prefix perfluoro- are hydrocarbons, including those with heteroatoms, wherein all C-H bonds have been replaced by C-F bonds.
Compounds with three adjacent carbonyl groups include mesoxalic acid, and dioxosuccinic acid, however these can be considered as dicarboxylic acids or ketonic acids.
Compound term processing is a new approach to an old problem: how can one improve the relevance of search results while maintaining ease of use?
Compound term processing refers to a category of techniques used in information retrieval applications to perform matching on the basis of compound terms.
Compound terms are built by combining two or more simple terms; for example, "triple" is a single word term, but "triple heart bypass" is a compound term.
Compound when applied to a human habitat refers to a cluster of buildings in an enclosure, having a shared or associated purpose, such as the houses of an extended family (e.g. the Kennedy Compound for the Kennedy family).
Compo was renamed MCA Records (Canada) in 1970, retaining the Apex label for Francophone recordings for a few years before phasing out the label.
Comprada is the title of a Spanish-language telenovela produced by the Mexican television network TV Azteca.
Comprehension of idioms is the act of processing and understanding idioms.
Comprehension of Mixtepec Mixtec is 85%, but in the other direction only 45%.
Comprehensive Abortion Care (CAC), a term "rooted in the belief that women must be able to access high-quality, affordable abortion care in the communities where they live and work", was first introduced in India by Ipas in 2000.
Comprehensive arrangements exist within the BRSLOG for sharing knowledge of parts and patterns.
Comprehensive campaigns are not commonly used in the United States due to their cost and the organizational expertise their require.
Comprehensive Chromatography is used in forensics, food and flavor, environmental, metabolomics, biomarkers and clinical applications.
Comprehensive clinical tests of the compatibility of bone cements with the body were conducted before their use in surgery.
Comprehensive data access and modification capabilities are complemented by a very flexible object model that allows developer to specify and control every aspect of CRUD operations.
Comprehensive debating resources for Scottish schools debaters and their coaches were written by the English-Speaking Union Scotland last year and can be found at Learning & Teaching Scotland.
Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA) is a free-trade agreement between Canada, the European Union and its member states.
Comprehensive editors are a type of language professional.
Comprehensive emergency management, as defined in various laws throughout the United States, is the preparation for and the carrying out of all emergency functions, other than functions for which the military forces are primarily responsible, to mitigate, prepare for, respond to, and recover from emergencies and disasters, and to aid victims suffering from injury or damage, resulting from disasters caused by all hazards, whether natural, technological, or human caused, and to provide support for search and rescue operations for persons and property in distress.
Comprehensive, high-quality induction consists of several key elements: a multi-year program rigorous mentor selection and training subject-area pairing of mentors and beginning educators sufficient time for mentors to meet with and observe new educators formative assessment that assists beginning educators to advance along a continuum of professional growth.
Comprehensive High School is a secondary school in Ayetoro, a district in the Egbado Division of Ogun State, South Western Nigeria.
Comprehensive high schools are the most popular form of public high schools in the United States, as compared to the common practice in other nations in which examinations are used to sort students into different high schools for different populations.
Comprehensive high schools generally offer a college preparatory course and one or more scientific or vocational courses.
Comprehensively educated in classical music from early age on she opened up the traditional understanding of the violin as solo and ensemble instrument towards improvisation, experimental music, and sound art.
Comprehensive molecular analyzes of the group have demonstrated that animals previously assigned to "Varanus ornatus" do not constitute a valid taxon and are actually polymorphisms of two different species; Varanus stellatus and Varanus niloticus.
Comprehensiveness and relevancy are also critical factors, since choice and accuracy increase a shopper's chances of finding a product they wish to purchase.
Comprehensive nutrient management plans (CNMPs) have become an integral part of the regulatory permitting and environmental stewardship for animal feeding operations (AFOs) of all sizes.
Comprehensive Operating System is a family of mainframe computer operating systems developed by NEC for the Japanese market.
Comprehensive Physiology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by John Wiley & Sons on behalf of the American Physiological Society.
Comprehensive planning is a process that determines community goals and aspirations in terms of community development.
Comprehensive plans typically encompass large geographical areas, a broad range of topics, and cover a long-term time horizon.
Comprehensive Psychiatry is a bimonthly peer-reviewed medical journal covering psychopathology.
Comprehensive re-evaluation of areawide transportation plans was a major theme in the last quarter of the twentieth century for large US cities.
Comprehensive references for magic labellings and magic graphs are Gallian (1998), Wallis (2001), and Marr and Wallis (2013).
Comprehensive rent regulation is common in Commonwealth and European Union countries, including Canada, Germany, Ireland, Cyprus, and Sweden, and also four states in the United States.
Comprehensive restoration work was completed in 2010.
Comprehensive Reviews in Food Science and Food Safety is an online peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the Institute of Food Technologists (Chicago, Illinois) that was established in 2002.
Comprehensive School is an 11-16 mixed comprehensive school situated in the town of Pontarddulais, Wales.
Comprehensive School Mathematics Program (CSMP) stands for both the name of a curriculum and the name of the project that was responsible for developing curriculum materials.
Comprehensive service offerings include contact lens dispensing, in-store labs, which provide one-hour service on many prescriptions at nearly all locations and doctors of optometry at or next to every store.
Comprehensive sex education, by contrast, covers the use of birth control and sexual abstinence.
Comprehensive sex education (CSE) is a sex education instruction method based on-curriculum that aims to give students the knowledge, attitudes, skills and values to make appropriate and healthy choices in their sexual lives.
Comprehensive sex education is also called abstinence-based, abstinence-plus, abstinence-plus-risk-reduction, and sexual risk reduction sex education.
Comprehensive sex education ultimately promotes sexual abstinence as the safest sexual choice for young people.
Comprehensive studies from Denmark published in 2012 showed an annual incidence of 19-23 per million from 2002 to 2008, and over the last 30 years, the reported incidence has been increasing, until the last decade in which an approximation of the true incidence may have been found.
Comprehensive studies of the effects of the spill toward the ecosystem around Prince William Sound began in the following year.
Comprehensive Technologies International, Inc. v. Software Artisans, Inc., 3 F.3d 730 (4th Cir. 1993) was a case in which the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit discussed legal tests for software copyright infringement, and ruled that trade secret misappropriation requires more than circumstantial evidence.
Comprehensive Therapy was a quarterly peer-reviewed medical journal covering clinical diagnosis, pharmacology, treatment, and disease management.
Comprehensive tour information of each selective tour can be found within that tour's page.
Comprehensive Two-dimensional gas chromatography, or GCxGC is a multidimensional gas chromatography technique that was originally described in 1991 by Professor Phillips and his student Liu .
Comprehensive websites with qualified Veterinarian writers are available to discuss the symptoms and treatments of certain conditions, in addition to recommending whether First Aid treatment will be sufficient or a Veterinary visit will be necessary.
Compreignac (Occitan: Comprenhac) is a commune in the Haute-Vienne department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in western France.
Compress and Warehouse Company Building is a historic cotton bale compress facility and warehouse building located at Columbia, South Carolina.
Compressed Air and Gas Institute or CAGI is an industry association located in Cleveland, Ohio, USA.
Compressed air dryers are commonly found in a wide range of industrial and commercial facilities.
Compressed air enters an airbag shaped like a torus, and when the bag is filled it creates an airtight seal with the ground, and forces more air into the center of torus, eventually causing the air to flow over the bag and to raise the load above the ground.
Compressed air enters the inlet port and passes over a needle valve orifice attached to a pick-up tube.
Compressed air filters, often referred to as line filters, are used to remove contaminates from compressed air after compression has taken place.
Compressed-air propulsion may also be incorporated in hybrid systems, such as with battery electric propulsion.
Compressed and smooth shell of these ammonoids had closed umbilicus.
Compressed data is stored in independent blocks to allow direct access to the data, facilitate parallel processing and limit the effects of potential damage to files.
Compressed gas accumulators, also called hydro-pneumatic accumulators, are by far the most common type.
Compressed Hare is a Merrie Melodies cartoon directed by Chuck Jones and featuring Bugs Bunny and Wile E. Coyote (in their fourth pairing), released on July 29, 1961.
Compressed hydrogen (CH2, CGH2 or CGH2) is the gaseous state of the element hydrogen kept under pressure.
Compressed hydrogen in hydrogen tanks at 350 bar (5,000 psi) and 700 bar (10,000 psi) is used for mobile hydrogen storage in hydrogen vehicles.
Compressed liquid properties are relatively independent of pressure.
Compressed natural gas was purported as being in the lineup for a possible fuel source.
Compressed tea, called tea bricks, tea cakes or tea lumps, and tea nuggets according to the shape and size, are blocks of whole or finely ground black tea, green tea, or post-fermented tea leaves that have been packed in molds and pressed into block form.
Compressing document with deflate-decode.
Compressing more dots into the display window would easily exceed the resolution of the television and be useless.
Compressing the Charles Dickens classic story into a half-hour, it is stated to be "the oldest extant straight adaptation of the story" for television.
Compression and limiting are identical in process but different in degree and perceived effect.
Compression arthralgia has been recorded as deep aching pain in the knees, shoulders, fingers, back, hips, neck and ribs.
Compression arthralgia is generally a problem of deep diving, particularly deep saturation diving, where at sufficient depth even slow compression may produce symptoms.
Compression arthralgia is pain in the joints caused by exposure to high ambient pressure at a relatively high rate of compression, experienced by underwater divers.
Compression artifacts occur in many common media such as DVDs, common computer file formats such as JPEG, MP3, or MPEG files, and some alternatives to the compact disk, such as Sony's MiniDisc format.
Compression fittings are also used extensively for hot and cold water faucets (taps) and toilet stop valves; compression fittings are well suited to this application, as these valves are usually located in confined spaces where copper pipe would be difficult to solder without creating a fire hazard.
Compression fittings are used in plumbing and electrical conduit systems to join two tubes or thin-walled pipes together.
Compression fittings for attaching tubing (piping) commonly have ferrules (or olives in the UK) in them.
Compression fossils are formed most commonly in environments where fine sediment is deposited, such as in river deltas, lagoons, along rivers, and in ponds.
Compression garter springs exert outward radial forces, while extension garter springs exert inward radial forces.
Compression ignition Diesel engines ignite the fuel-air mixture by the heat of compression and do not need a spark.
Compression is achieved by applying the standard ZIP (file format) algorithm to the base and update ENC files, before encryption.
Compression is commonly used in sound recording and reproduction, broadcasting, live sound reinforcement and in some instrument amplifiers.
Compression is the first solo album by bassist Billy Sheehan, formerly of Talas, David Lee Roth, and Mr. Big.
Compression locks can be used as pain compliance holds, and are sometimes featured in combat sports as submission holds.
Compression members are structural elements that are pushed together or carry a load, more technically they are subjected only to axial compressive forces.
Compression molding is a high-volume, high-pressure method suitable for molding complex, high-strength fiberglass reinforcements.
Compression Molding is a method of molding in which the molding material, generally preheated, is first placed in an open, heated mold cavity.
Compression molding, transfer molding, injection molding, forging, and foam molding has high equipment and tooling cost.
Compression of a trigger point may elicit local tenderness, referred pain, or local twitch response.
Compression performance is continually monitored and, if no compression is obtained, the modem transmits the data in uncompressed form.
Compression ratio is 16.5:1.
Compression ratios range from 8x to 20x depending on the data source and structure.
Compression results in a transfer plate under the arming plug pressing downwards onto a belleville spring which inverts, flipping the firing pin into the detonator, which triggers the adjacent explosive booster and main explosive charge.
Compression stockings are a specialized hosiery designed to help prevent the occurrence of, and guard against further progression of, venous disorders such as edema, phlebitis and thrombosis.
Compression stockings are elastic garments worn around the leg, compressing the limb.
Compression stockings are tightest at the ankles and gradually become less constrictive toward the knees and thighs.
Compression stockings should be removed before the test so that adequate volume of blood will return to the right heart during the maneuver.
Compression Systems (formerly Cooper Compression / Cooper Energy Services / Cooper Turbocompressor / Cooper), one of five organizational groups within Cameron International Corporation, is a provider of reciprocating and centrifugal compression equipment and aftermarket parts and services.
Compression testing can also involve a superimposed dead load to a test package.
Compression therapy helps decrease venous pressure, prevents venous stasis and impairments of venous walls, and relieves heavy and aching legs.
Compression using Content-Encoding is more widely supported than Transfer-Encoding, and some browsers do not advertise support for Transfer-Encoding compression to avoid triggering bugs in servers.
Compressive strength refers to the maximum compressive stress that can be applied to a material before failure occurs.
Compressive stresses can also result in folding of rocks.
Compressive stress introduced by the peening operation causes the strip to deform into an arch, which is measured using a gage.
Compressive structures: Compression structures develop mainly compressive stresses under the action of axial loads.
Compressorhead is a project of Berlin-based artist Frank Barnes and collaborators Markus Kolb and Stock Plum consisting of a robot "band" that plays on real electric and acoustic instruments.
Compressor is a video and audio media compression and encoding application for use with Final Cut Studio and Logic Studio on macOS.
Compressors (CNG) or liquifaction plants (LNG) are usually built on large scale but with CNG small home refueling stations are possible.
Compressors GmbH was a subsidiary of the Danfoss Group, a Danish manufacturer of valves and fluid-handling products, from 1956 to 2010.
Compretta was Speaker Pro Tempore of the House and Chairman of the Management Committee, also serving on the Judiciary, Marine Resources and Ways & Means committees.
Comprises 1/4 of the World Record Shuttle Hurdle Relay team (Aubrey Herring, David Oliver, Aries Merritt) that ran 53.31 at the 2008 Penn Relay Carnival His personal best time is 13.22 seconds, achieved in July 2005 at the Bislett Games.
Comprises fine- to coarse-grained sheet and channeled sandstone beds and rarer variegated siltstone and mudstone.
Comprising 0.981 hectares (2.42 acres), it was developed in a single phase and completed in 2017.
Comprising 100 chapters, The Way We Live Now was Trollope's longest novel, and is particularly rich in sub-plot.
Comprising 11,000 hectares, it includes six planning areas and is also home to Singapore's Changi Airport and Paya Lebar AirbaseThe region also houses the Paya Lebar Air Base, Changi Naval Base and Changi Prison, which was first constructed in 1936 by the British and is Singapore's oldest internment facility.
Comprising 12 episodes Prospects - with a comic slant, dealt with many of the major issues affecting British society at the height of the "Thatcherite" '80's including unemployment, crime, poverty, regeneration, social change and racism.
Comprising 12 relatively large high schools, it is among the larger high school conferences (by student population) in Illinois.
Comprising 13,500 hectares of land area, it includes eight planning areas.
Comprising 13,810 hectares, it includes seven planning areas and is largely a residential region with 217,120 homes.
Comprising 14,613 verses, the translation runs over 2,400 printed pages.
Comprising 1,600 homes in 32 blocks, the estate is notable as the only housing project completed under the ambitious Abercrombie Plan to redevelop the capital on more "efficient" lines.
Comprising 189.1 square kilometers, it was declared a natural park in 2003 and is the southernmost park of Europe.
Comprising 20 permanent residents, a community hall, and post office, it is an access point for outdoor recreational activities.
Comprising 20 tracks, this is the longest studio album to date release by the band.
Comprising 22 oceangoing tugboats, the class was constructed in response to the needs of World War II, but members of the class served in the Korean War and Vietnam War as well.
Comprising 23 companies, the group is estimated to be worth 26.7 billion Egyptian pounds at the current market capitalization and employs more than 12,000 people along with 60,000 additional workers at its various project sites.
Comprising 25,500 hectares of land area, it includes twelve planning areas and is home to about 903,010 residents.
Comprising 26 episodes, the series aired between October 24, 1993 and March 2, 1998, first on the CBS Television Network and then on Disney Channel.
Comprising 26 shows, it was Streisand's first United States tour since 2000 and her first live concert events since her supposed farewell concerts, Timeless in 2000.
Comprising 48 episodes, each five to ten minutes long, the series ran from October 2003 to November 2004, and attracted a cult following due to its black humor and commentary on modern marketing culture.
Comprising 4 square miles, it was located between McAlester and Wilburton.
Comprising 56 episodes in total, the series were repeated until 1994.
Comprising 5 theaters, totalling 1200 seats and home to the 3 largest silver screens in Pakistan.
Comprising 70% of the retail trade in the country, the legal basis for consumer cooperatives was established in 1962 with law No. 20.
Comprising 98.39 percent of the district's land area, yet only 10.93 percent of its population, it is essentially the remainder of the district's territory after all incorporated cities, municipalities, townships, Indian reserves, and Indian settlements have been excluded.
Comprising a 2,200 car parking garage, Marriott Hotel, luxury condominium building, and office and retail space, Chatham Center is a major destination center with PPG Paints Arena and Duquesne University nearby.
Comprising about 150 residents, it has a general store/post-office, a volunteer fire department, church building and a small community hall.
Comprising about 3600 square miles, the Olympic Peninsula contained many of the last unexplored places in the Contiguous United States.
Comprising about 360 hectares (890 acres), the lands encompass Centennial Park, Moore Park and Queen's Park.
Comprising about nine city blocks, the district contains 79 contributing resources, primarily residential with a some commercial buildings and a church.
Comprising a collection of unreleased songs that were recorded between 1996 and 2004, serving as a prelude to his next studio album Lyrics (2010).
Comprising a commercial section near the city's Lake Erie waterfront, the district includes buildings constructed largely in the late nineteenth century, at which time Ashtabula was a flourishing port city.
Comprising a completed prelude and an incomplete fugue, it was composed in 1817 around the same time as the Fugue for String Quintet in D major, Op.
Comprising a cycle of linked stories set in Dorset, England, it depicts a 20th century in which the Roman Catholic Church still has supremacy; in its timeline, Protestantism was destroyed during wars that resulted from the aftermath of the assassination of Queen Elizabeth in 1588.
Comprising a helium airship with auxiliary wing and tail surfaces, it flies using both aerostatic and aerodynamic lift and is powered by four diesel engine-driven ducted propellers.
Comprising all Latino members, the band paved the way for later Spanish-speaking punk bands in the United States and helped to increase the presence of Latinos in the country's predominantly white punk subculture.
Comprising an athletics track and soccer stadium, it currently serves as the home ground and administrative base for the South Melbourne FC, Athletics Victoria, Athletics Australia, Victorian Institute of Sport and Australian Little Athletics.
Comprising a set list of songs from Eighth World and previous albums, the tour visited arenas nationwide and spanned three months.
Comprising a single feature-length pilot and six one-hour episodes, the series deals with life in an idealized fictional English village and stars Robin Nedwell, Diane Keen, Nigel Lambert, Jack Douglas, John Le Mesurier, Bernard Cribbins and Trevor Howard.
Comprising Australia, New Zealand and their Antarctic territories, it is made up of almost 40 local groups.
Comprising both original songs and standards, it was launched at London's Pizza Express Jazz Club in September 2003.
Comprising Chrissy Van Dyke (vocals, guitar), Alan Rowe (guitar, keyboards and programming) and James D (Rhodes piano), the band's music is described as a blend of beats, breaks and urban jazz vocals.
Comprising close to dwelling units, the colony is split into 39 blocks and has about 22 parks including the famous Nagia Park.
Comprising different structures over that time, in early 2018 the Women's Flat Track Derby Association (WFTDA) announced it was replacing the Division 2 Playoffs with geographically-based Continental Cups, the structure and quantity of which is expected to adjust and possibly expand over time.
Comprising eight departments and various specialties, the College offers bachelor's, master's and doctoral degrees, as well as curricula for pre-professional students in medicine, veterinary medicine and dentistry.
Comprising eight Hi-NRG and Latin freestyle tracks, the album spawned four U.S. Hot Dance Club Play hits, including the single "Fascinated," which hit number one.
Comprising eight parishes (10 churches) in north and mid-Warwickshire, it is part of the southern pastoral area.
Comprising eight species, Borinda is only found in the Himalaya areas of Yunnan, Tibet, Sichuan of China or in Bhutan.
Comprising e-learning vendors, adopters, standards bodies, associations, and policy makers, LETSI's primary activity is to support the adoption of open software standards in learning systems.
Comprising eleven colleges and schools, Loyola offers over 80 undergraduate and 140 graduate/professional programs and enrolls approximately 16,000 students.
Comprising experts from many fields within the energy industry, CERA was acquired by IHS Energy in 2004.
Comprising fewer than 1,000 soldiers, including support staff, it is credited with having destroyed 88 German warplanes, 68 of which were fully confirmed kills and 19 partially confirmed kills.
Comprising fifteen books and over 250 myths, the poem chronicles the history of the world from its creation to the deification of Julius Caesar within a loose mythico-historical framework.
Comprising fifteen vinyl disks, the release chronicles Adams' return to live performances following a two-year hiatus from music.
Comprising five members of the House leadership (the Speaker, the majority and minority leaders, the majority and minority whips), it directs the activities of the House Office of General Counsel.
Comprising five productions in Theater A, the season aims to showcase the best new American and international writing.
Comprising five singles and their b-sides along with one additional single and one album track, it includes all of the singles from the albums Dance to the Music (1968), Life (1968), and Stand!
Comprising four CDs, the boxset collects the tracks from every Cocteau Twins EP from Lullabies to Violaine.
Comprising four essential stages, dialog marketing integrates advertising, public relations and marketing into one strategy.
Comprising four schoolmasters, they specialized in comedic recordings of mundane documents and announcements such as the radio weather forecast and Highway Code, performed a cappella as Anglican chant.
Comprising four teams for its first three years, it expanded to six teams in its final season.
Comprising historically seven towns close to Rome, it was under the immediate jurisdiction of the Holy See.
Comprising just over 5,000 properties, and home to around 13,000 people, undivided houses of high value with individual gardens are a key feature.
Comprising just two genera and belongs to the suborder of Oniscidea, and the order Isopoda.
Comprising large-, medium- and small-scale units, the membership of IMTMA includes manufacturers in the entire range of metal working machine tools, accessories and other ancillary equipment for machine tools, cutting tools and tooling systems along with trading companies.
Comprising less than 100 titles and utilizing a 28-Mbit/s MPEG2 stream at 720p or 1080i with either Dolby Digital 5.1 or DTS encoding, D-Theater is an encrypted D-VHS format, and only D-Theater-capable D-VHS players can play back these tapes.
Comprising mainly former pupils of the leading English public schools, the club was among the most dominant of the early years of organized football and won the FA Cup on five occasions, including defeating Royal Engineers in the first FA Cup final in 1872.
Comprising mainly former pupils of the leading English public schools, Wanderers was among the dominant teams of the early years of organized football and won the Football Association Challenge Cup (known in the modern era as the FA Cup) on five occasions, including defeating Royal Engineers in the first FA Cup final in 1872.
Comprising mainly infantry battalions from Yorkshire and Lancashire, the division was sent to Egypt in December 1915 before moving to France in March 1916 and spent the remainder of the First World War in action on the Western Front.
Comprising many of Marvel's premier heroes, they "fight the foes no single superhero can withstand".
Comprising medium to large farms the area is predominantly agricultural, focusing on grain production as well as sheep and cattle grazing.
Comprising Miami-Dade County, Palm Beach County, and Broward County, South Florida has the second-largest Jewish population in North America, now tallied at 603,000, according to studies performed by demographer Ira Sheskin of the University of Miami.
Comprising millions of DEA reports and records on individuals, NADDIS is a system by which intelligence analysts, investigators and others in law enforcement retrieve reports from the DEA's Investigative Filing and Reporting System (IFRS).
Comprising Moots!
Comprising more than 325 acres, the park is managed by the Department of Parks and Recreation of the city of Aurora, and has co-owned areas with the Fox Valley Park District.
Comprising more than 4,000 cancer researchers at more than 650 institutions across the United States and Canada, it is one of the largest of the NCI's clinical trial cooperative groups.
Comprising more than 50 musicians on most game days, Argonotes is the largest musical organization associated with the CFL.
Comprising Nick Webb (vocals), Joel Roberts (keys) and Mike Dawson (guitar), the rhythm section was James Moir (bass) and Daniel Thorpe (drums), but now that duty is shared between session musicians.
Comprising nine departments and various specialties, the college offers bachelor's and master's, as well as curricula for pre-professional students in medicine, veterinary medicine and dentistry.
Comprising nine tracks in total, the album spawned the radio-friendly single "Mr. Chow", which was described as "Chinese reggae".
Comprising non-album tracks that were recorded between 1997 and 2001, Kieran Hebden announced the release of the album on the morning of its release via his Twitter and Facebook pages.0181's name is a pre-2000 area code for London, where Hebden grew up.
Comprising numerous singles produced by Phil Spector since the previous year, it was at #96 on the Billboard 200 chart.
Comprising online resources and briefings at military bases across the UK, the program is delivered for the Ministry of Defense by the Royal British Legion.
Comprising over 1,500 works by 38 artists, it is owned by the National Galleries of Scotland and the Tate, on behalf of the United Kingdom, which care for the collection together and arrange for its presentation throughout the country in museums, galleries, and exhibition spaces.
Comprising part of Burkina Faso, Tenkodogo is the senior Mossi State.
Comprising rare, previously-unreleased tracks, the release is a 2-CD set that includes a 28-page book with extensive liner notes by members Lux Interior and Poison Ivy, as well as rare and previously unseen photos and flyers from their personal collection.
Comprising recordings from the Palmerston North, New Plymouth and Auckland shows of the band's 1993 20th Anniversary Tour of New Zealand, the album is an expanded, remixed and remastered version of their 1994 live album Anniversary.
Comprising Richard Warren, Darren Sheldon and Louis Divito, they evolved from the local bands The Front and Valve before signing to Heavenly Records, where they released singles such as "See Me Through".
Comprising Robert Harvey (vocals, guitar), Adam Nutter (lead guitar), Stuart Coleman (bass) and Phil Jordan (drums), the band came to prominence with the release of their debut album, The Music, in 2002.
Comprising settlements dating back to 1827, Webber's Prairie was formally established by retired physician John Ferdinand Webber in 1839.
Comprising seven ex-servicemen, their claim was to be the last land raid in Scotland.
Comprising seven stand-alone episodes, the series explored deaths in unusual circumstances.
Comprising singer-songwriter and guitarist John Mayer, bassist Pino Palladino and drummer Steve Jordan, the band has released one live album, Try! in 2005.
Comprising six bureaus and 13 offices, the Health Resources and Services Administration provides leadership and financial support to health care providers in every state and U.S. territory.
Comprising six live performances from 1995 to 1999, the album was released by Universal Records on 26 February 2007.
Comprising six schools, the Institute is primarily known for its highly ranked programs in architecture, interior design, and industrial design, and offers both undergraduate and Master's degree programs in a variety of fields, with a strong focus on research.
Comprising six sloops of the Black Swan-class, the group was led by Captain F.J. "Johnnie" Walker, Britain's most successful anti-submarine warfare commander, in Starling.
Comprising six twenty-five-minute episodes, the two linked three-part stories tell the adventures of three teenagers and their battle to save their school and their classmates from the actions of the sinister Mr Eldritch.
Comprising sixty-seven member clubs playing over one hundred and ten matches per week, the SAAFL is one of Australia's largest Australian rules football associations.
Comprising some 2,200 patents, its portfolio of technologies arises from Kodak's research into organic light emitting diodes which stretches back to the 1970s or early 1980s.
Comprising some 45,000 items, the Yale Babylonian Collection is an independent branch of the Yale University Library housed on the Yale University campus in Sterling Memorial Library at New Haven, Connecticut, United States.
Comprising songs submitted by each partner label, the annual WOW Hits releases are typically double CD sets.
Comprising teams from 238 different nations and available in 27 languages, the game is played by around 12,000 users.
Comprising ten departments/schools and various specialties, the College offers bachelor's and master's.
Comprising the city of Belfast, it elected one Member of Parliament (MP) from 1801 to 1832, and then two MPs from 1832 until the constituency was divided for the 1885 general election.
Comprising the coal-bearing rocks arranged around the Coalpit Heath Syncline and Kingsdown Anticline, it extends beneath the eastern parts of the city of Bristol and northwards through southern Gloucestershire.
Comprising the districts of Burgdorf, Trachselwald and Signau of the canton of Berne, the Emmental became part of the administrative region Emmental-Oberaargau on 1 January 2010.
Comprising the group of educational institutions is an autonomous degree college, a school of management studies, a pre-university college, a nursing school and an evening college.
Comprising the only group of islands in the western part of Lake Ontario, the Toronto Islands are located just offshore from the city center, and provide shelter for Toronto Harbor.
Comprising the publishing, print, broadcasting, film, music, digital, and IT media sectors, the media industry collectively employed about 38,000 people and contributed 1.56% to Singapore's gross domestic product (GDP) in 2001 with an annual turnover of S$10 billion.
Comprising the regions from both old and new EU Member States, and the Russian Kaliningrad Oblast, the Euroregion Baltic involves both local and regional authorities, private and public sectors, and NGOs.
Comprising the Serpentine Gallery and the Serpentine Sackler Gallery, they are within five minutes' walk of each other, linked by the bridge over the Serpentine Lake from which the galleries get their names.
Comprising the whole province of Zamboanga del Norte, the diocese has experienced no jurisdictional changes.
Comprising thirteen songs (A fourteenth was released as a bonus track on iTunes), it was her first release of all new material since 2005.
Comprising thirteen tracks, led off by single "No Messin'", the album features input from fellow guitarist Chuck Loeb on two tracks.
Comprising three 12-story buildings, and multiple low-rise units.
Comprising three primary dams, the Cotter River System has been a reliable water source despite low precipitation and high temperatures experienced in the Australian Capital Territory in the past decade.
Comprising three short stories, Cartoons, Porn Masala and The Bouncer, the film was shot over a two-year period at The Butter Factory, a major nightclub in Singapore, whose owners financed the project.
Comprising three vessels, the class was constructed in South Africa and entered service in 1992.
Comprising two facilities located on two sites, the VCCC building opened on 24 June 2016 in Melbourne's Parkville Biomedical Precinct, located on the intersections of Flemington Road, Grattan Street and Elizabeth Street.
Comprising two sections - the Mylapore Tank to the south and a feeder lake Nungambakkam Tank to the north, it extended for about five miles from Sterling Road in the north to the suburb of Saidapet in the south.
Comprising Ty Citerman on guitar, Adam Gold on drums, Pat Swoboda on bass guitar, and Ken Thomson on saxophone, the band is known for its chaotic, unpredictable performances and use of elements from multiple genres of music.
Comprising undergraduates and graduates alike, Cavite Chorale comprises a wide range of voices.
Comprising "underground passages and top-light chambers with artificial rock-work and stalactities," the garden structures have three separate Grade II* listings as a result of their importance.
Comprising vocalist and guitarist Phil Etheridge, bassist Jon Watkin, vocalist Martin Saunders, guitarist Stu Hartland and drummer Ash Sheehan, the band garnered national acclaim when the influential NME magazine produced an article on music acts in the West Midlands.
Comprising vocalist Bill "Choptop" Moseley, guitarist Buckethead, drummer Pinchface and keyboardist Travis Dickerson, the band released five albums, two DVDs, and three compilation albums before they split up in 2007.
Comprising Ward 21 are renowned producers and have created hit dancehall riddims like "Badda badda", "Da Joint", "Bellyas", and "Volume" as well as hit singles like "Haters" and "Judgment Day".
Compromise (1925) is a silent film drama produced and distributed by Warner Bros. and directed by Alan Crosland.
Compromised (1931) is an all-talking pre-code drama film produced and released by First National Pictures, a subsidiary of Warner Bros., and directed by John G. Adolfi.
Compromised DNS servers are sometimes referred to as "poisoned".
Compromise in independence may distort the objective of internal audit.
Compromises on a number of issues, including citizenship, education, democracy, and Malay supremacy, were agreed on and set the stage for Malayan independence.
Compromises the couple makes while trying to negotiate the two-body problem have implications for gender inequality.
Compromising Daphne is a 1930 British comedy film directed by Thomas Bentley and starring Jean Colin, Phyllis Konstam, C.M. Hallard and Viola Compton.
Compromising emissions are defined as unintentional intelligence-bearing signals which, if intercepted and analyzed (side-channel attack), may disclose the information transmitted, received, handled, or otherwise processed by any information-processing equipment.
Compromising of Integrity, Morality and Principles in Exchange for Money Tour was a multi-band tour which began October 9, 2008, in Virginia.
Comproportionation or synproportionation is a chemical reaction where two reactants, each containing the same element but with a different oxidation number, form a product in which the elements involved reach the same oxidation number.
Comprosma neglecta grows up to 50 centimeters tall and has small, circular, glossy green leaves.
Compsa albomaculata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Compsa albopicta is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Compsa amoena is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Compsa curtula is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Compsa diringshofeni is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Compsaditha is a genus of pseudoscorpions in the family Tridenchthoniidae.
Compsa inconstans is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Compsa leucozona is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Compsa macra is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Compsa monrosi is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Compsa montana is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Compsa multiguttata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Compsa nebulosa is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Compsa nipha is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Compsa quadriguttata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Comps (Camps in Occitan) is a commune in the Gard department in southern France.
Compsenia is a genus of moths of the family Noctuidae.
Comp series sights, such as the CompM2, are the most popular and is currently used by numerous armed forces around the world.
Compsibidion aegrotum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Compsibidion amantei is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Compsibidion angulare is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Compsibidion balium is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Compsibidion basale is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Compsibidion callispilum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Compsibidion campestre is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Compsibidion capixaba is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Compsibidion carenatum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Compsibidion charile is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Compsibidion circunflexum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Compsibidion cleophile is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Compsibidion clivum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Compsibidion crassipede is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Compsibidion decemmaculatum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Compsibidion decoratum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Compsibidion derivativum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Compsibidion divisum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Compsibidion fairmairei is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Compsibidion graphicum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Compsibidion guanabarinum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Compsibidion ilium is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Compsibidion inornatum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Compsibidion litturatum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Compsibidion maculatum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Compsibidion maronicum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Compsibidion megarthron is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Compsibidion melancholicum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Compsibidion meridionale is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Compsibidion monnei is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Compsibidion multizonatum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Compsibidion muricatum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Compsibidion mysticum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Compsibidion nigroterminatum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Compsibidion niveum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Compsibidion omissum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Compsibidion orpa is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Compsibidion paradoxum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Compsibidion paulista is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Compsibidion polyzonum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Compsibidion psydrum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Compsibidion pumilium is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Compsibidion punga is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Compsibidion quadrisignatum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Compsibidion reichardti is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Compsibidion rutha is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Compsibidion simillimum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Compsibidion singulare is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Compsibidion sommeri is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Compsibidion sphaeriinum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Compsibidion taperu is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Compsibidion tethys is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Compsibidion thoracicum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Compsibidion trichocerum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Compsibidion trinidadense is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Compsibidion triviale is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Compsibidion truncatum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Compsibidion tuberosum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Compsibidion unifasciatum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Compsibidion uniforme is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Compsibidion vanum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Compsibidion varipenne is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Compsibidion virgatum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Compsibidion ytu is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Compsibidion zikani is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Compsidolon is a genus of plant bugs in the family Miridae.
Compsidolon salicellum is a species of plant bug in the family Miridae.
Compsilura is a genus of tachinid flies in the family Tachinidae from Mozambique, Malawi and South Africa.
Compsiluroides is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.
Comps is a commune in the Gironde department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in southwestern France.
Compsobata is a genus of stilt-legged flies in the family Micropezidae.
Compsobata mima is a species of stilt-legged flies in the family Micropezidae.
Compsobata univitta is a species of stilt-legged flies in the family Micropezidae.
Compsobuthus is a genus of Buthid scorpions.
Compsoceridius gounellei is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Compsoceridius.
Compsocerocoris elegans is a species of grass bugs (insects in the family Miridae).
Compsocerocoris is a genus of grass bugs (insects in the family Miridae).
Compsocerops is an extinct genus of temnospondyl amphibian that lived during the Late Triassic in what is now India.
Compsocerus barbicornis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Compsocerus bicoloricornis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Compsocerus chevrolati is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Compsocerus deceptor is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Compsocerus parviscopus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Compsocerus proximus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Compsocerus violaceus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Compsocidae is a family of Psocoptera belonging to the suborder Troctomorpha.
Compsocladium is a genus of lichenized fungi in the family Ramalinaceae.
Compsocrita is a genus of moths belonging to the family Tineidae.
Compsoctena africanella is a moth in the Eriocottidae family.
Compsoctena barbarella is a moth in the family Eriocottidae.
Compsoctena brandbergensis is a moth in the Eriocottidae family.
Compsoctena byrseis is a moth in the Eriocottidae family.
Compsoctena connexalis is a moth in the family Eriocottidae.
Compsoctena cossinella is a moth in the family Eriocottidae.
Compsoctena cossusella is a moth in the family Eriocottidae, first described by Francis Walker in 1856.
Compsoctena indecorella is a moth in the family Eriocottidae.
Compsoctena intermediella is a moth in the family Eriocottidae.
Compsoctena invariella is a moth in the family Eriocottidae.
Compsoctena is a genus of moths in the family Eriocottidae.
Compsoctena kaokoveldi is a moth in the Eriocottidae family.
Compsoctena minor is a moth in the Eriocottidae family.
Compsoctena montana is a moth in the family Eriocottidae.
Compsoctena niphocosma is a moth in the Eriocottidae family.
Compsoctena ochrastis is a moth in the Eriocottidae family.
Compsoctena pinguis is a moth in the Eriocottidae family.
Compsoctena primella is a moth in the Eriocottidae family.
Compsoctena reductella is a moth in the family Eriocottidae.
Compsoctena rustica is a moth in the Eriocottidae family.
Compsoctena similis is a moth in the family Eriocottidae.
Compsoctena taprobana is a moth in the Eriocottidae family.
Compsoctena thwaitesii is a moth in the Eriocottidae family.
Compsoctena ursulella is a moth in the family Eriocottidae.
Compsoctena vilis is a moth in the family Eriocottidae.
Compsoctenus is a genus of click beetles.
Compsocus is a genus within the Psocoptera order of insects.
Compsodecta is a genus of the spider family Salticidae (jumping spiders), found in Jamaica and Hispaniola.
Compsodes is a genus of hooded, sand cockroaches, of the subfamily Polyphaginae, in the family Polyphagidae.
Compsodes schwarzi, or Schwarz's hooded cockroach, is a species of cockroach in the family Corydiidae.
Compsodon can be diagnosed by features of its palate, but also the presence of maxillary postcanines and parietals fused and narrowly exposed between broad postorbitals on the dorsal surface of the skull.
Compsodon helmoedi was originally described by Egbert Cornelis Nicolaas van Hoepen in 1934 on the basis of a single specimen from late Permian deposits in the Karoo Basin of South Africa.
Compsodon is an extinct genus of dicynodont belonging to the anomodont group Emydopoidea.
Compsodrillia acestra is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Pseudomelatomidae, the turrids and allies.
Compsodrillia albonodosa is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pseudomelatomidae, the turrids and allies.
Compsodrillia alcestis is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pseudomelatomidae, the turrids and allies.
Compsodrillia bicarinata is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pseudomelatomidae, the turrids and allies.
Compsodrillia canna, comon name the reed turrid, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Pseudomelatomidae, the turrids and allies.
Compsodrillia catherina is an extinct species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pseudomelatomidae, the turrids and allies.
Compsodrillia chowanensis is an extinct species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pseudomelatomidae, the turrids and allies.
Compsodrillia disticha is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pseudomelatomidae.
Compsodrillia drewi is an extinct species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pseudomelatomidae, the turrids and allies.
Compsodrillia duplicata is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pseudomelatomidae, the turrids and allies.
Compsodrillia eucosmia is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Pseudomelatomidae, the turrids and allies.
Compsodrillia foruita is an extinct species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pseudomelatomidae, the turrids and allies.
Compsodrillia gonae is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pseudomelatomidae, the turrids and allies.
Compsodrillia gracilis is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pseudomelatomidae, the turrids and allies.
Compsodrillia gundlachi is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pseudomelatomidae, the turrids and allies.
Compsodrillia haliostrephis , common name the spindle drillia, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Pseudomelatomidae, the turrids and allies.
Compsodrillia haliplexa is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pseudomelatomidae, the turrids and allies.
Compsodrillia is a genus of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Pseudomelatomidae, the turrids and allies.
Compsodrillia jaculum, common name the javelin turrid, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pseudomelatomidae, the turrids and allies.
Compsodrillia mammillata is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pseudomelatomidae, the turrids and allies.
Compsodrillia nakamurai is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pseudomelatomidae, the turrids and allies.
Compsodrillia nana is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pseudomelatomidae.
Compsodrillia olssoni is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pseudomelatomidae, the turrids and allies.
Compsodrillia opaca is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pseudomelatomidae, the turrids and allies.
Compsodrillia petersoni is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pseudomelatomidae.
Compsodrillia senaria is an extinct species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pseudomelatomidae, the turrids and allies.
Compsodrillia thestia is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pseudomelatomidae, the turrids and allies.
Compsodrillia torvita is an extinct species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pseudomelatomidae, the turrids and allies.
Compsodrillia tricatenaria is an extinct species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pseudomelatomidae, the turrids and allies.
Compsodrillia tristicha, common name the saddened turrid, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Pseudomelatomidae, the turrids and allies.
Compsodrillia undatichorda is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pseudomelatomidae, the turrids and allies.
Compsodrillia urceola is an extinct species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pseudomelatomidae, the turrids and allies.
Compsoft entered the rapidly growing mobile application development space at an early stage and much of the company's growth from 2010 has been in this sector.
Compsoft grew rapidly, floating its shares on the Alternative Investment Market (AIM).
Compsoft plc is a software development house located in the market town of Alton, Hampshire.
Compsolechia abolitella is a moth of the family Gelechiidae.
Compsolechia abruptella is a moth of the family Gelechiidae.
Compsolechia accinctella is a moth of the family Gelechiidae.
Compsolechia amazonica is a moth of the Gelechiidae family.
Compsolechia binotatella is a moth of the family Gelechiidae.
Compsolechia canofusella is a moth of the family Gelechiidae.
Compsolechia crescentifasciella is a moth of the Gelechiidae family.
Compsolechia desectella is a moth of the Gelechiidae family.
Compsolechia diazeucta is a moth of the family Gelechiidae.
Compsolechia fasciella is a moth of the Gelechiidae family.
Compsolechia is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
Compsolechia melanophaea is a moth of the family Gelechiidae.
Compsolechia monochromella is a moth of the family Gelechiidae.
Compsolechia ocelligera is a moth of the Gelechiidae family.
Compsolechia perlatella is a moth of the family Gelechiidae.
Compsolechia quadrifascia is a moth of the family Gelechiidae.
Compsolechia scitella is a moth of the family Gelechiidae.
Compsolechia scutella is a moth of the Gelechiidae family.
Compsolechia seductella is a moth of the family Gelechiidae.
Compsolechia solidella is a moth of the family Gelechiidae.
Compsolechia subapicalis is a moth of the family Gelechiidae.
Compsolechia superfusella is a moth of the family Gelechiidae.
Compsolechia suspectella is a moth of the family Gelechiidae.
Compsolechia tardella is a moth of the family Gelechiidae.
Compsolechia transjectella is a moth of the family Gelechiidae.
Compsolechia versatella is a moth of the family Gelechiidae.
Compsomantis ceylonica is a species of praying mantis found in Sri Lanka.
Compsomantis crassiceps is a species of praying mantis found in Borneo and Java.
Compsomantis is a genus of praying mantises concentrated in Indonesia and the Philippines.
Compsomantis mindoroensis is a species of praying mantis that lives in the Philippines.
Compsomantis robusta is a species of praying mantis found in Borneo.
Compsomantis semirufula is a species of praying mantis found in Malaysia, Sarawak, and the Sunda Islands.
Compsomantis tumidiceps is a species of praying mantis found in Java, Lombok, the Philippine Islands, Sumatra, Sumba, and Timor.
Compsomyces is a genus of fungi in the family Laboulbeniaceae.
Compsomyiops callipes, previously known as Paraluclia wheeleri, is a member of the blowfly family Calliphoridae.
Compsomyiops callipes serves an important role in the field of medicocriminal entomology, a subfield of forensic entomology, by determining post mortem intervals (PMI).
Compsoneura is a genus comprising 23 species of trees found in tropical lowland forests of the New World.
Compson is a fictional family created by American author William Faulkner for use in his novels and short stories.
Compsophila is a genus of moths of the family Crambidae.
Compsophis is a genus of harmless snakes in the family Lamprophiidae.
Compsopogon caeruleus is a species of red algae that lives in fresh water.
Compsopogon can tolerate a wide range of conditions in freshwater streams and occasionally in brackish lagoons and estuaries.
Compsopogonophyceae is a class of red algae.
Compsopogon presents a thallus of simple cylindrical cells inside large covered cortical cells.
Compsopsectra is a genus of moths in the family Limacodidae.
Compsoptera caesaraugustanus is a moth of the family Geometridae.
Compsoptera is a genus of moths in the family Geometridae.
Compsoptesis is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.
Compsopyris pereurae is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Compsopyris.
Compsosaris is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
Compsoscorpius is an extinct genus of scorpions from the Carboniferous of France and the United Kingdom.
Compsosoma chabrillacii is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Compsosoma geayi is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Compsosoma mniszechii is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Compsosoma monnei is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Compsosoma mutillarium is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Compsosoma nubilum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Compsosoma perpulchrum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Compsosoma phaleratum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Compsosomatini is a tribe of longhorn beetles of the Lamiinae subfamily.
Compsosoma vestitipenne is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Compsosoma v-notatum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Compsospiza is a genus of South American birds known as mountain finches (a name shared with several other species such as Poospiza caesar and Leucosticte).
Compsotata is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
Compsotorna is a genus of moths of the Xyloryctidae family.
Compstall is a suburban village within the Metropolitan Borough of Stockport in Greater Manchester, England, between Marple Bridge and Romiley.
Compston developed the Sensitive High Resolution Ion Micro Probe (SHRIMP), for isotopic analyzes of geological samples.
Compsulyx is a genus of moths in the family Sphingidae, containing only one species, Compsulyx cochereaui, which is known from New Caledonia.
Compsus auricephalus, the golden-headed weevil, is a species of broad-nosed weevil in the family of beetles known as Curculionidae.
Compsus elegans is a species of weevils in the tribe Eustylini.
Compsus is a genus of weevils in the tribe Eustylini.
Comptech, also known as Comptech Racing, is a company that designs and builds racing car engines.
Comptech's Chief Executive Officer is Frederick W. Penney.
Compte is the son of Cuban migrants and has been active as an actor since 1996.
Comptel Corporation was an international software company specializing in telecommunications.
Comptella coronata is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae, the murex snails or rock snails.
Comptella curta is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae, the murex snails or rock snails.
Comptella devia is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae, the murex snails or rock snails.
Comptella is a genus of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Muricidae, the murex snails or rock snails.
Compteromesa is a genus of midges in the non-biting midge family (Chironomidae).
Compte's first recurring role was as Charlie Gutierrez in the series E-Ring from 2005.
Comptoir Commercial Congolais was a concession company of the Congo Free State, which was in personal union with Leopold II of Belgium.
Comptoir des Cotonniers is a French contemporary fashion brand.
Compton Acres is a housing development located to the south west of West Bridgford, Nottinghamshire, England, on the rural-urban fringe.
Compton Acres is a tram stop on the Nottingham Express Transit (NET) network.
Compton Acres is itself a ward within the borough of Rushcliffe, with two councilors Alan Phillips and Gordon Wheeler.
Compton Acres opened on 25 August 2015, along with the rest of NET's phase two.
Compton Admiral (foaled 11 January 1996) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire best known for his upset win over a strong field in the 1999 Eclipse Stakes.
Compton Airport (FAA LID: 44OR) is a private Airport located 3 miles southwest of Canby in Clackamas County, Oregon.
Compton also represented the Hampshire Second XI in six matches between in 1999.
Compton and Impact ran the entire season, and finished third behind Kenny Irwin Jr. and Rick Crawford for Rookie of the Year.
Compton announced in spring 2010 that he would not run for re-election in the 2010 municipal election.
Compton-Antoine resigned from the United Workers Party in 2011 and continued to serve as an independent MP.
Compton attended Sul Ross State University.
Compton Bassett is a historic home in Upper Marlboro, Prince George's County, Maryland, United States, that was constructed ca.
Compton batted .165 in 110 at bats with one home run.
Compton Bay Compton Bay is a bay located on the southwest section of the Isle of Wight, England.
Compton Bay, near Freshwater features dinosaur footprints which are visible at low tide.
Compton Beauchamp House (sometimes Compton House) is a Grade I listed building in Compton Beauchamp, Oxfordshire.
Compton began drumming for various bands including Biology, a side project with From Autumn to Ashes members Francis Mark and Josh Newton.
Compton began his career in radio in 1990 eventually becoming VP of programming for Clear Channel Radio and Premiere Radio Networks.
Compton began playing at a higher standard in 2000, when he kept goal for the Deeside Avalanche at U-19 level, making 11 appearances in his first year and maintaining a save percentage of over 87%.
Compton Bishop is a small village and civil parish, at the western end of the Mendip Hills in the English county of Somerset.
Compton Branch is a stream in Washington County in the U.S. state of Missouri.
Compton, Carol and Furious 7 were among the winners of the 2016 ceremony, while La La Land of the 2017 ceremony.
Compton Chine Compton Chine is a geological feature on the south west coast of the Isle of Wight, England.
Compton College is a public community college in Compton, California.
Compton created Donald Trump's daily radio political commentary that aired on radio stations across the U.S. from 2004-2008 as Vice President of Programming for Clear Channel.
Compton did not win, but collected six poles and finished fourth in points, while Tolsma had ten top-tens and finished 11th in points.
Compton Down is a hill on the Isle of Wight just to the east of Freshwater Bay.
Comptonella is a plant genus endemic to New Caledonia in the subfamily Rutoideae in the family Rutaceae.
Compton fought at Mill Springs, Fort Donelson, Shiloh, and Gettysburg until the conclusion of the Civil War before moving to Ontario, Canada.
Compton Greenfield is a small hamlet of farms and spread out houses to the south west of Easter Compton, in South Gloucestershire.
Compton Halt was a small single platform halt on the Wombourne Branch Line.
Compton has also been Board President of the Chicago Public Library and the Chicago Board of Education, and is a Life Trustee of the Field Museum of Natural History.
Compton has also played for the Atlanta Falcons and Chicago Bears.
Compton has published books of poetry, essays, and fiction, and he edited the first comprehensive anthology of black writing from British Columbia.
Compton High School is a high school in Compton, California, USA, part of the Compton Unified School District.
Compton House is a grade II listed department store building located on Church Street in Liverpool, England.
Comptonia is an extinct genus of prehistoric sea stars in the family Goniasteridae.
Compton is a city in southern Los Angeles County, California, United States, situated south of downtown Los Angeles.
Compton is a historic community in western Webster County, in the U.S. state of Missouri.
Compton is a left-handed batsman who bowled left-arm medium pace.
Compton is a municipality in Coaticook Regional County Municipality in the Estrie region of Quebec, Canada.
Compton is an at grade light rail station on the Los Angeles County Metro Blue Line.
Compton is an expert on the plural wives of the LDS Church founder, Joseph Smith.
Compton is an unincorporated community in Page County, in the U.S. state of Virginia.
Compton is an unincorporated community near Leonardtown in St. Mary's County, Maryland, United States.
Compton is a prominent lunar impact crater that is located in the northern hemisphere on the far side of the Moon.
Compton is a suburb of Wolverhampton, West Midlands, England.
Compton is a village and civil parish in the Guildford district of Surrey, England.
Compton is a village in Lee County, Illinois, United States.
Compton is one of only two players to have scored 5 Test centuries at the ground, the other is Mike Atherton.
Compton is one of the oldest cities in the county and on May 11, 1888, was the eighth city to incorporate.
Compton is the associate director of Creative Writing at Simon Fraser University's Continuing Studies.
Compton is the son of the late trucking talk show pioneer Dale Sommers.
Compton Jr. also serves on the board of directors of the Truman Scholars Association.
Compton Jr. attended the University of Alabama as an undergraduate.
Compton Jr. graduated summa cum laude in 1985 and was named the College of Commerce's Outstanding Student that same year.
Compton left Somerset to return to Middlesex at the end of the 2014 season.
Compton made his last List-A appearance for the Hampshire Cricket Board in the 2000 NatWest Trophy against Huntingdonshire.
Compton Martin Ochre Mine (grid reference ST543566) is a 0.85 hectare geological and biological Site of Special Scientific Interest located on the north side of the Mendip Hills, immediately south west of Compton Martin village, Somerset, notified in 1988.
Compton often acts at the non playing captain (NPC) for American teams playing in World Championships.
Compton or Compton Gifford is a suburb of Plymouth in the English county of Devon.
Compton originally served with the Canadian Military Engineers, transferring to the Royal Flying Corps on 14 February 1918.
Compton owns a Bridge club in Dallas with her husband, Chris Compton, who is also a professional bridge player.
Compton Place (foaled 20 April 1994) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse, best known for his 50/1 upset victory in the 1997 July Cup.
Compton Place is a mansion house in the parish of Eastbourne, East Sussex, England.
Compton played college football at East Texas State (now Texas A&M-Commerce) from 1987-1990 where he was an All-Conference and All-American Wide Receiver as well as a Harlon Hill Award candidate.
Compton Point is a headland in the Queen Charlotte Strait region of the Central Coast of British Columbia, Canada, forming the northwest entrance point to Wells Passage opposite North Broughton Island.
Compton railway station was a station on the Didcot, Newbury and Southampton Railway in England.
Compton received the Fred Luster Sr, Image Award for his work at the Black Heritage Performance in 1999.Compton is a member of several boards, including ComEd, DePaul University, Ariel Mutual Funds, ETA Creative Arts Foundation, Big Shoulders Fund, Morehouse Research Institute, and the Seaway Bank and Trust Company.
Compton School is a proper comprehensive school, selecting solely on grounds of proximity to the school.
Comptons Corner is an unincorporated community in Fairfax County, Virginia, United States.
Compton's Most Wanted (C.M.W.) was an American gangsta rap group and one of the original pioneers of the West Coast hip hop scene.
Compton's O.G. is the twelfth studio album by American rapper MC Eiht, released October 10, 2006, on Hi Power Entertainment.
Compton's other writing credits include the TV movies Virginia Hill (1974), which starred Dyan Cannon and Harvey Keitel, and Women at West Point (1979).
Compton spent all of 1973 with the Cubs' AAA affiliate Wichita Aeros but did not get promoted to the big league club.
Compton's team discovered that a pair from their German opponents were using coughs and other signals to communicate information to the partner.
Compton Terrace was a name given to two former outdoor amphitheaters for concerts, located in the Phoenix metropolitian area of Arizona.
Compton then induced Roger Freed to ground into a run-scoring double play before Bill Robinson popped out to Carmen Fanzone for the final out of Compton's appearance, and as it would turn out, his major league career.
Compton then joined Cursive to record their 2009 album Mama, I'm Swollen.
Compton Township is a township in Otter Tail County, Minnesota, United States.
Compton Township was organized in 1875, and named for James Compton, an early settler.
Compton Unified School District is a school district headquartered in Compton, California, United States.
Compton Verney House (grid reference SP312529) is an 18th-century country mansion at Compton Verney near Kineton in Warwickshire, England, which has been converted to house the Compton Verney Art Gallery.
Compton was born in London.
Compton was drafted in the 3rd round of the 1968 MLB June amateur draft out of Robert E. Lee High School, 13 picks before future All-Star Lynn McGlothen.
Compton was later voted Fan Favorite.
Compton was launched on 17 September 1944 by Federal Shipbuilding and Drydock Co., Kearny, New Jersey; sponsored by Mrs. L. Compton; and commissioned on 4 November 1944, Commander R. O. Strange in command.
Compton was named the 2007 Author Emeritus by the Science Fiction and Fantasy Writers of America.
Compton was previously the attorney general and minister of justice for several years until he became Foreign Minister.
Compton was the largest station between Newbury, Berkshire and Didcot, Oxfordshire, serving the villages of Compton, East Ilsley and Aldworth.
Compton was the NPC for USA 2 in the d'Orsi Senior Bowl in Bali in October 2013.
Compton was the NPC for USA 2, winners of the Bermuda Bowl in 2009.
Compton was the NPC for USA in all of their Buffett Cup appearances (2006, 2008, 2010, 2012).
Compton was the third son of James Compton, 3rd Earl of Northampton.
Compton won the World Mixed Pairs Championship in Philadelphia 2010 playing with Fulvio Fantoni from Italy.
Compton would continue his association with the Freeze during the 2008/09 season, making 12 appearances in league and cup competition.
Compton would spend the rest of his professional career playing for the Emeralds.
Compton Wynyates is a Tudor style country house in Warwickshire, England, a Grade I listed building.
Comptroller and Auditor General of India's report had found several fraud in the transaction of coffins.
Comptroller Dugan was the Under Secretary of the Treasury for Domestic Finance in 1992 and served in Department of the Treasury from 1989 to 1993.
Comptroller of Customs is Mr Charles Turner.
Comptroller of Scotland was a post in the pre-Union government of Scotland.
Comptroller of the Treasury of Maryland v. Wynne, 575 U.S. ___ (2015), is a 2015 U.S. Supreme Court decision which applied the dormant Commerce Clause doctrine to Maryland's personal income tax scheme and found that the failure to provide a full credit for income taxes paid to other states was unconstitutional.
Comptrollers in Connecticut are elected to a term of four years, their election taking place in the same cycle as gubernatorial elections.
COMPTUEX consists of an 18-day schedule of event driven exercise which the follows with a three-day Final Battle Problem.
COMPTUEX is an intermediate-level battle group exercise designed to forge together the battle group and its components into a fully functional fighting team.
COMPTUEX is normally conducted during a two-week to three-week period six to eight weeks before deployment.
COMPTUEX, or Composite Training Unit Exercise, is a rehearsal each US Navy Carrier Strike Group performs before departing for deployment.
CompuAdd also created a Multimedia PC (MPC), the FunStation, and a Sun workstation clone, the SS-1.
CompuAdd Computers 386 was on the US Army's Mobile Missile System in Gulf War 1 (1991) and it was rated and tested by the Army for that use.
CompuAdd Corporation was a manufacturer of personal computers in Austin, Texas, USA.
CompuAdd created generic PC clone computers, but unlike most clone makers, had a large engineering staff.
CompuAdd sold PCs to corporate, educational and government entities.
CompuBank, N.A. was a financial company engaged primarily in retail banking, mortgage banking, business finance and providing ATM and merchant processing services.
CompuBank offered a variety of depository products and services including: basic checking, interest checking, savings, money market accounts, certificates of deposits, visa check cards, direct deposit and transfers, free domestic wire services, online check re-order, free bill payment and free ATM services.
CompuBank was founded in 1998 by banking veteran Frank Goldberg and launched on the internet in early October the same year.
Compubank was launched in late 1998.
Compubox, a computerized punch scoring system, counts the cross as a power-punch.
CompuBox is the name of a computerized punches scoring system run by two operators.
CompuBox is used in boxing matches across the world.
Compucolor opened its first retail computer store in Norcross, Georgia USA in 1979.
Compucolor was an early color home computer product introduced in 1977 by Compucolor Corporation of Norcross, Georgia.
Compucom Institute of Technology and Management (CITM) is an Engineering and Management college in Jaipur, Rajasthan.
Compuertas is a former borough of Mexicali, located in the northwest of Baja California.
Compugen is currently one of the top 3 solution providers in Canada.
Compugen's head office, PC - Integration Center, warehouse and logistics center and service desk are located in Richmond Hill, Ontario.
Compugen was founded and incorporated in 1981.
Compugoal Technical College is a private college located in Nairobi, Kenya.
Comp-U-Learn Tech India Ltd (CTIL) is a computer software services company established in 1997 and is based in Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh, India.
Compulite is an Israel based company that designs and builds lighting control console, dimmers and other theater lighting related equipment.
Compulsion (2002) is a horror novel written by Shaun Hutson.
Compulsion, a 2013 Canadian psychological thriller directed by Egidio Coccimiglio, is based on this film.
Compulsion Games Inc. is a Canadian video game development company known for Contrast and We Happy Few.
Compulsion is a 1959 American crime drama film directed by Richard Fleischer.
Compulsion is a 2013 Canadian psychological dark comedy film directed by Egidio Coccimiglio and starring Heather Graham, Carrie-Anne Moss, Kevin Dillon, and Joe Mantegna.
Compulsion! is a studio album by jazz pianist Andrew Hill.
Compulsion loops are deliberately used in video game design as an extrinsic motivation for players, but may also result from other activities that unintentionally create such loops.
Compulsions is the internal character story of Mark Sandler (Craig Frank), an admitted Sadist leading a life with a dull desk job.
Compulsion was a one-off ITV television drama, produced by Size 9 Productions and broadcast on 4 May 2009.
Compulsive decluttering is a pattern of behavior that is characterized by an excessive desire to discard objects in one's home and living areas.
Compulsive Disclosure is the second compilation album by the American punk rock band Pinhead Gunpowder.
Compulsive Disclosure was re-released on CD and vinyl through Recess Records on February 12, 2010, with two unreleased tracks, "Salting Agents" and "El Lasso Grappo".
Compulsive Fuck Up is the second solo release from Mark Lind.
Compulsive Gamblers were an American garage rock group formed in Memphis, Tennessee, United States, in 1990 by Greg Cartwright and Jack Yarber, both future members of the Oblivians.
Compulsive hoarders may be aware of their irrational behavior, but the emotional attachment to the hoarded objects far exceeds the motive to discard the items.
Compulsive hoarding, also known as hoarding disorder, is a pattern of behavior that is characterized by excessive acquisition and an inability or unwillingness to discard large quantities of objects that cover the living areas of the home and cause significant distress or impairment.
Compulsive hoarding can be characterized as a symptom of mental disorder rather than deliberate cruelty towards animals.
Compulsive over eaters depend on food to comfort themselves when they are stressed, suffering bouts of depression, and have feelings of helplessness.
Compulsives Anonymous (SCA) is a twelve-step program for people who want to stop having compulsive sex.
Compulsive talking (or talkaholism) is talking that goes beyond the bounds of what is considered to be socially acceptable.
Compulsive tanning may satisfy the definition of a behavioral addiction as well.
Compulsivity may be on a continuum with compulsivity on one end and impulsivity on the other, but research has been contradictory on this point.
Compulsivity occurs in response to a perceived risk or threat, impulsivity occurs in response to a perceived immediate gain or benefit, and, whereas compulsivity involves repetitive actions, impulsivity involves unplanned reactions.
Compulsiv Records was a record label that operated out of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
Compulsory arbitration is arbitration of labor disputes which laws of some communities force the two sides, labor and management, to undergo.
Compulsory education ends with Mattayom 3 (grade 9), after which pupils can pursue upper-secondary education in a university-preparatory track, or continue their studies in vocational school programs.
Compulsory education includes six years of primary education, starting at age six or seven, and three years of junior secondary education (junior middle school) for ages 12 to 15.
Compulsory education refers to a period of education that is required of all people and is imposed by government.
Compulsory education sometimes extends to age 19.
Compulsory figures or school figures were formerly an aspect of the sport of figure skating, from which the sport derives its name.
Compulsory health insurance is provided by the Health Insurance Institute of Slovenia, voluntary health insurance is carried out by other health insurance companies.
Compulsory heterosexuality is seen as ignorant, a contributor to homophobia by marginalizing non-heterosexuals, treating heterosexuality as the superior default, and decreasing awareness of the large number of people within the population who are not heterosexual.
Compulsory heterosexuality is the idea that heterosexuality is assumed and enforced by a patriarchal society.
Compulsory Husband is a 1930 British comedy film directed by Monty Banks and Harry Lachman and starring Banks, Lillian Manton and Clifford Heatherley.
Compulsory leadership training for undergraduates in Sri Lanka is a mandatory program introduced in 2011 by the Sri Lankan Government for all students select for undergraduate courses in state universities to undergo residential three-week leadership training and positive thinking development at training camps under the Defense Ministry which as lead to much controversy.
Compulsory manned checkpoints are settled on the athletes route to stamp their progression, validate their physical state and eventually scratch the athletes who don't respect the closing times of every checkpoint.
Compulsory military service, conscription, was not popular and "aroused the long-standing antipathy toward standing armies and smacked of continental-style militarism".
Compulsory military service typically requires all male citizens to enroll for one or two years, usually at age 18 (later for university-level students), while voluntary national service requires only three months of basic military training.
Compulsory military training (CMT), a form of conscription, was practiced for males in New Zealand between 1909 and 1972.
Compulsory Miseducation is a critique of American public schools written by Paul Goodman and published by Horizon Press in 1964.
Compulsory prosecution is an aspect of certain justice systems in which the prosecutor is required to press charges when he has sufficient evidence to support a conviction.
Compulsory purchase is the power to acquire rights over an estate in English land law, or to buy that estate outright, without the current owner's consent in return for compensation.
Compulsory retirement does not prohibit retired judges from acting in that capacity on a temporary basis.
Compulsory Rotatory Residential Internship (CRRI) refers to one-year compulsory work in the hospital attached to the medical college or in any other approved hospital as allowed in some medical colleges (also known as Teaching Hospital), for a period of one year.
Compulsory sterilization in Canada has a documented history in the provinces of Alberta and British Columbia.
Compulsory subjects; through all year levels include Maths and English.
Compulsory use of a hiring hall effectively turns employers into a closed shop because employees must join the union before they can be hired.
Compulsory use of helmets has often been proposed and is the subject of much dispute (see Bicycle helmet laws), based largely on considerations of overall public health.
CompuMate SV010 was a home computer peripheral manufactured by Spectravideo International for the Atari 2600 home video game console.
CompuMath Citation Index is an indexing service published by Thomson Reuters, and was first available in 1982 as an Institute for Scientific Information database.
CompuMe is a chain of computer stores based in the Middle East.
Compunet was a United Kingdom based interactive service provider, catering primarily for the Commodore 64 but later for the Commodore Amiga and Atari ST.
Compuphonic is an electronic music record label created by Kris Menace as a playground for his own productions.
Compupress is a Greek publishing company formed in 1982.
Compu-Read is an educational program originally developed by Sherwin Steffin of Edu-Ware Services in 1979 for the Apple II.
Compu-Read was featured in Edu-Ware's catalogs until its closure in 1985.
CompUSA and other retailers declined to carry it, religious organizations and politicians condemned it, and it was refused classification altogether in Australia.
CompUSA was a retailer and reseller of consumer electronics, technology products and computer services.
CompuServe CB quickly became the largest single product on CompuServe despite virtually no marketing.
CompuServe CB used the CB radio paradigm to help users understand the new concept.
CompuServe Classic shut down in 2009, CompuServe 2000 followed suit in 2011.
CompuServe Dialer continues to operate as a Web portal.
CompuServe, Inc. v. Patterson was a court case heard before the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals which held that contacts and contracts negotiated through the Internet with a party in a different state were sufficient to grant personal jurisdiction in that state.
CompuServe realized that this was a huge opportunity to acquire multiple new Wow! users, but the software was not ready for distribution.
CompuServe's demand for the computers outpaced Systems Concepts' ability to produce them, so CompuServe licensed the design and built SC-designed computers itself.
Compuspec Industries Ltd is a private company specializing in remote distributed intelligence.
Compu-Spell is educational software developed by Sherwin Steffin and Steven Pederson of Edu-Ware Services for the Apple II in 1980.
Computability in Europe (CiE) is an international organization of mathematicians, logicians, computer scientists, philosophers, theoretical physicists and others interested in new developments in computability and in their underlying significance for the real world.
Computability theory is about what can and cannot be computed by people and machines.
Computability theory is the part of the theory of computation that deals with what can be computed, in principle.
Computable Document Format (CDF) is an electronic document format designed to allow easy authoring of dynamically generated interactive content.
Computable general equilibrium (CGE) models are a class of economic models that use actual economic data to estimate how an economy might react to changes in policy, technology or other external factors.
Computable model theory is a branch of model theory which deals with questions of computability as they apply to model-theoretical structures.
Computacenter plc is a European company that provides computer services to public- and private-sector customers.
Computaris is a UK-based company owned by R Systems group that provides software development, system integration and technical consultancy services for the telecommunication industry worldwide.
Computaris operates from its nine technology centers in Poland, Romania, Moldova, Malaysia, India and the USA, being involved in solutions deployed worldwide at more than 80 communication service providers in the last 20 years.
Computaris provides solutions including telecom specialist consultancy, BSS system integration, product development partnerships and product deployment partnerships.
Computational analysis of this compound suggests valence isomerization to biphenyl is very exothermic but also with a high kinetic barrier.[14]annulyne was reported in 1962 by Jackman et al.
Computational analysis predicts 63 sRNAs in Xanthomonas oryzae pathovar oryzae, expression of 8 of these has been experimentally confirmed.
Computational and data mining tools are currently being developed and incorporated into the NBI to provide a logical framework to conduct species, route, dose, and scenario extrapolations and identify key data required to predict the biological interactions of nanomaterials.
Computational and Systems Neuroscience (COSYNE or CoSyNe) is an annual scientific conference for the exchange of experimental and theoretical/computational approaches to problems in systems neuroscience.
Computational and Theoretical Chemistry is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Elsevier.
Computational applied mathematics consists roughly of using mathematics for allowing and improving computer computation in applied mathematics.
Computational applied mathematics involves mathematical research in areas of science where computing plays a central and essential role, emphasizing algorithms, numerical methods, and symbolic computations.
Computational approaches to this problem view it as a special case of text categorization, solved with various statistical methods.
Computational archeology describes computer-based analytical methods for the study of long-term human behavior and behavioral evolution.
Computational archeology may include the use of geographical information systems (GIS), especially when applied to spatial analyzes such as viewshed analysis and least-cost path analysis as these approaches are sufficiently computationally complex that they are extremely difficult if not impossible to implement without the processing power of a computer.
Computational archeology, which covers computer-based analytical methods, can be considered a subfield of digital archeology, as can virtual archeology.
Computational astrophysics is most often studied through an applied mathematics or astrophysics program at PhD level.
Computational astrophysics refers to the methods and computing tools developed and used in astrophysics research.
Computational auditory scene analysis (CASA) is the study of auditory scene analysis by computational means.
Computational Biology and Chemistry is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Elsevier covering all areas of computational life sciences.
Computational clustering is not part of cluster suite, but instead provided by Red Hat MRG.
Computational complexity is central to computational geometry, with great practical significance if algorithms are used on very large datasets containing tens or hundreds of millions of points.
Computational complexity theory deals with how hard computations are, in quantitative terms, both with upper bounds (algorithms whose complexity in the worst cases, as use of computing resources, can be estimated), and from below (proofs that no procedure to carry out some task can be very fast).
Computational creativity (also known as artificial creativity, mechanical creativity, creative computing or creative computation) is a multidisciplinary endeavor that is located at the intersection of the fields of artificial intelligence, cognitive psychology, philosophy, and the arts.
Computational criminology is an interdisciplinary field which uses computing science methods to formally define criminology concepts, improve our understanding of complex phenomena, and generate solutions for related problems.
Computational cybernetics is the integration of cybernetics and computational intelligence techniques.
Computational efficiency and high performance are especially critical in artificial intelligence software.
Computational efforts aimed to overcome this challenge often rely on approximative heuristics that may not result in accurate assemblies.
Computational epidemiology is a multidisciplinary field that uses techniques from computer science, mathematics, geographic information science and public health to better understand issues central to epidemiology such as the spread of diseases or the effectiveness of a public health intervention.
Computational epistemology is a subdiscipline of formal epistemology that studies the intrinsic complexity of inductive problems for ideal and computationally bounded agents.
Computational finance emphasizes practical numerical methods rather than mathematical proofs and focuses on techniques that apply directly to economic analyzes.
Computational finance is a branch of applied computer science that deals with problems of practical interest in finance.
Computational fluid dynamics (CFD) are used to understand complex thermal flow regimes in power plants.
Computational genomics (often referred to as Computational Genetics) refers to the use of computational and statistical analysis to decipher biology from genome sequences and related data, including both DNA and RNA sequence as well as other "post-genomic" data (i.e., experimental data obtained with technologies that require the genome sequence, such as genomic DNA microarrays).
Computational geometry is a branch of computer science devoted to the study of algorithms which can be stated in terms of geometry.
Computational history (not to be confused with computation history) is a multidisciplinary field that studies history through machine learning and other data-driven, computational approaches.
Computational human modeling emphasizes descriptions of human for A.I. research and applications.
Computational human modeling is an interdisciplinary computational science that links the diverse fields of artificial intelligence, cognitive science, and computer vision with machine learning, mathematics, and cognitive psychology.
Computational human phantoms are models of the human body used in computerized analysis.
Computational humor is a branch of computational linguistics and artificial intelligence which uses computers in humor research.
Computational Imaging is the process of indirectly forming images from measurements using algorithms that rely on a significant amount of computing.
Computational Imaging systems cover a broad range of applications include computational microscopy, tomographic imaging, MRI, ultrasound imaging, computational photography, Synthetic Aperture Radar (SAR), seismic imaging etc.
Computational informatics can also be interpreted as the use of computational methods in the information sciences.
Computational informatics is a subfield of informatics that emphasizes issues in the design of computing solutions rather than its underlying infrastructure.
Computational Intelligence is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering research on artificial intelligence.
Computational Intensive Workload (CIW) measures performance in a situation where there is a high ratio of computation to Input/Output communication.
Computational irreducibility is one of the main ideas proposed by Stephen Wolfram in his book A New Kind of Science.
Computational Journalism can be defined as the application of computation to the activities of journalism such as information gathering, organization, sensemaking, communication and dissemination of news information, while upholding values of journalism such as accuracy and verifiability.
Computational lexicology is a branch of computational linguistics, which is concerned with the use of computers in the study of lexicon.
Computational Limitations: Make the minimal assumptions about computational limitations.
Computational Linguistics is a peer-reviewed academic journal in the field of computational linguistics.
Computational load can be run independently on each blade and/or combined using clustering techniques.
Computationally, MARXAN provides solutions to a conservation version of the 0-1 knapsack problem, where the objects of interest are potential reserve sites with given biological attributes.
Computationally, semantic similarity can be estimated by defining a topological similarity, by using ontologies to define the distance between terms/concepts.
Computational Materials Science is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Elsevier.
Computational mathematics emerged as a distinct part of applied mathematics by the early 1950s.
Computational mathematics may also refer to the use of computers for mathematics itself.
Computational mechanics is the discipline concerned with the use of computational methods to study phenomena governed by the principles of mechanics.
Computational methods are of great interest to evaluate binding affinities between proteins and ligands, with many applications in structure-based drug design.
Computational methods employed include simulated annealing, evolutionary algorithms, distributed multipole analysis, random sampling, basin-hopping, data mining, density functional theory and molecular mechanics.
Computational methods exist to assist in the preprocessing of flow cytometry data, identifying cell populations within it, matching those cell populations across samples, and performing diagnosis and discovery using the results of previous steps.
Computational methods indicate that some of these compositions may be superconductive under very high pressure and low temperature.
Computational methods typically use computer programs to analyze proteins.
Computational modeling refers to models that are developed using computing tools.
Computational Molecular Science is a peer-reviewed scientific journal, published since 2011 by John Wiley & Sons.
Computational musicology is defined as the study of music with computational modeling and simulation.
Computational neuroscience is not limited to microscopic levels with regard to biology.
Computational operations are performed by pulsing the qubit with microwave frequency radiation which has an energy comparable to that of the gap between the energy of the two basis states.
Computational particle physics refers to the methods and computing tools developed in and used by particle physics research.
Computational photography can improve the capabilities of a camera, or introduce features that were not possible at all with film based photography, or reduce the cost or size of camera elements.
Computational phylogenetics is the application of computational algorithms, methods, and programs to phylogenetic analyzes.
Computational projects are proposed by various high school teams.
Computational representational understanding of mind (CRUM) is a hypothesis in cognitive science which proposes that thinking is performed by computations operating on representations.
Computational Resources for Drug Discovery (CRDD) is one of the important silico modules of Open Source for Drug Discovery (OSDD).
Computational science and engineering (CSE) is a relatively new discipline that deals with the development and application of computational models and simulations, often coupled with high-performance computing, to solve complex physical problems arising in engineering analysis and design (computational engineering) as well as natural phenomena (computational science).
Computational Science & Discovery was a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering computational science in physics, chemistry, biology, and applied science.
Computational screens of archaeal genomes have identified C/D box snoRNAs in a number of genomes.
Computational semantics has points of contact with the areas of lexical semantics (word sense disambiguation and semantic role labeling), discourse semantics, knowledge representation and automated reasoning (in particular, automated theorem proving).
Computational semantics is the study of how to automate the process of constructing and reasoning with meaning representations of natural language expressions.
Computational social choice is a field at the intersection of social choice theory, theoretical computer science, and the analysis of multi-agent systems.
Computational social science refers to the academic sub-disciplines concerned with computational approaches to the social sciences.
Computational sociology is a branch of sociology that uses computationally intensive methods to analyze and model social phenomena.
Computational Statistics & Data Analysis is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering research on and applications of computational statistics and data analysis.
Computational Statistics is a quarterly peer-reviewed scientific journal that publishes applications and research in the field of computational statistics, as well as reviews of hardware, software, and books.
Computational statistics, or statistical computing, is the interface between statistics and computer science.
Computational steering is the practice of manually intervening with an otherwise autonomous computational process, to change its outcome.
Computational sustainability is a broad field that attempts to optimize societal, economic, and environmental resources using methods from mathematics and computer science fields.
Computational systems biology aims to develop and use efficient algorithms, data structures, visualization and communication tools with the goal of computer modeling of biological systems.
Computational tasks can only operate on local data, and if remote data is required, the computational task must communicate with one or more remote processors.
Computational techniques such as spectral unmixing deconvolute the ultrasound waves emitted by these different absorbers, allowing each emitter to be visualized separately in the target tissue.
Computational Theology tries to understand and explain religion and god by understanding computer science and other related fields.
Computational theories of mind are often said to require mental representation because 'input' into a computation comes in the form of symbols or representations of other objects.
Computational theory of mind: What are the limits of understanding thinking as a form of computing?
Computational thermodynamics is the use of computers to simulate thermodynamic problems specific to materials science, particularly used in the construction of phase diagrams.
Computational Transportation Science (CTS) is an emerging discipline that combines computer science and engineering with the modeling, planning, and economic aspects of transport.
Computational Transportation Science is an emerging discipline going beyond vehicular technology, addressing pedestrian systems on hand-held devices but also issues such as transport data mining (or movement analysis), as well as data management aspects.
Computational vertices are written using standard C++ constructs.
Computational X is a term used to describe the various fields of study that have emerged from the applications of informatics and big data to specific disciplines.
Computation happens as a side effect of data transports: writing data into a triggering port of a functional unit triggers the functional unit to start a computation.
Computation In Neural Systems is a scientific journal that aims to provide a forum for integrating theoretical and experimental findings in computational neuroscience with a particular focus on neural networks.
Computation In Neural Systems was established in 1990, has an impact factor of 0.562 and a 5-year impact factor of 0.774.
Computation in research is prominent.
Computation is any type of calculation that includes both arithmetical and non-arithmetical steps and follows a well-defined model, for example an algorithm.
Computation is commonly understood in terms of Turing Machines which manipulate symbols according to a rule, in combination with the internal state of the machine.
Computation is the processing of vehicles, otherwise known as variables or entities, according to a set of rules.
Computation of lowest common ancestors may be useful, for instance, as part of a procedure for determining the distance between pairs of nodes in a tree: the distance from v to w can be computed as the distance from the root to v, plus the distance from the root to w, minus twice the distance from the root to their lowest common ancestor (Djidjev, Pantziou & Zaroliagis 1991).
Computation of visibility is among the basic problems in computational geometry and has applications in computer graphics, motion planning, and other areas.
Computations in DUAL emerge from the interaction of many micro-agents each of which is hybrid symbolic/connectionist device.
Computations on the leaf data are performed in real-time (for example, to aggregate numbers up a dimensional hierarchy).
Computations on various time scales can be done using the same network.
Computech Middle School is a public school in Fresno, California, United States.
Computed Corpuscle Sectioning has obvious pertinence to stereology, but has not been exploited in that field.
Computed results in form of tables, graphs and figures for a fluid with Prandtl number = 0.71 with Rayleigh number (Ra) ranging from 103 to 107 are available in the literature.
Computed tomography (CT) is a sensitive method for diagnosis of abdominal diseases.
Computed tomography (CT) is generally not required unless specific concerns are present.
Computed tomography (CT) is particularly important for detailed preoperative assessment and evaluation of the radiological Peritoneal Cancer Index (PCI).
Computed tomography (CT) scans are used for initial imaging of cysts, and endoscopic ultrasounds are used in differentiating between cysts and pseudocysts.
Computed tomography scans and magnetic resonance imaging may be undertaken to determine if neurological signs exist as a result of the sinus.
ComputeHer performed at the Smithsonian American Art Museum for the Art of Video Games exhibition opening event in March 2012.
Computer (1997), released as a single exclusively in France in December 1997.
Computer 2000 was Europe's leading provider of IT products to resellers between 1983 and its merger with Tech Data in 1998.
Computer accounts allow preferences to be set for individual machines.
Computer Acquire is a 1980 video game published by Avalon Hill.
Computer Active describes it as an "excellent learning tool for those planning a foreign trip or just hoping to pick up some general knowledge about the world around them."
Computeractive (sometimes written as Computeract!ve, to reflect the logo) is a fortnightly computer magazine published by Dennis Publishing in the United Kingdom.
Computer activities are monitored by the software client, and reports are published online.
Computer-adaptive sequential testing (CAST) is another term for multistage testing.
Computer addiction can be described as the excessive or compulsive use of the computer which persists despite serious negative consequences for personal, social, or occupational function.
Computer-aided architectural engineering (CAAE) is the use of information technology for architectural engineering, in tasks such as the analysis, simulation, design, manufacture, planning, diagnosis and repair of architectural structures.
Computer-aided assessment can be viewed in a few different ways.
Computer-aided auscultation is designed to assist health care professionals who perform auscultation as part of their diagnostic process.
Computer-aided auscultation or computerized assisted auscultation (CAA) is a digital form of auscultation.
Computer aided call handling is a methodology for managing calls to service providers, such as emergency services, through the use of computer based algorithms in order to make consistent and objective decisions on action to be taken.
Computer-aided design also known as CAD was the first type of program to help architectures but since it did not have all the features, Computer-aided architectural engineering created as a specific software with all the tools for design.
Computer Aided Design and Drawing, drawings should appear, to improve productivity and interchange of CAD documents between different offices and CAD programs, especially in architecture and engineering.
Computer-aided design (CAD) is the use of computer systems (or workstations) to aid in the creation, modification, analysis, or optimization of a design.
Computer-aided diagnosis provides a statistical and quantitative approach.
Computer-aided dispatch (CAD), also called computer-assisted dispatch, is a method of dispatching taxicabs, couriers, field service technicians, mass transit vehicles or emergency services assisted by computer.
Computer-aided engineering tools such as computational fluid dynamics are also used.
Computer-aided ergonomics is an engineering discipline using computers to solve complex ergonomic problems involving interaction between the human body and its environment.
Computer-aided facility management (CAFM) is the support of facility management by information technology.
Computer-aided garden design describes the use of CAD packages to ease and improve the process of garden design.
Computer Aided Industrial Design (CAID) is a subset of computer-aided design (CAD) software that can assist in creating the look-and-feel, or industrial design aspects of a product in development.
Computer-aided maintenance (not to be confused with CAM which usually stands for Computer Aided Manufacturing) refers to systems that utilize software to organize planning, scheduling and support of maintenance and repair.
Computer-aided manufacturing (CAM) is the use of software to control machine tools and related ones in the manufacturing of workpieces.
Computer Aided Manufacturing using XML (CAMX) is a set of communications standards used to exchange data among manufacturing equipment and applications on the electronics manufacturing floor.
Computer-aided mural (CAM) is the use of computer technology for designing mural art and wall decoration resulting in the frescography procedure, which was invented in 1998 by German muralist Rainer Maria Latzke.
Computer-aided or computer-assisted is an adjectival phrase that hints of the use of a computer as an indispensable tool in a certain field, usually derived from more traditional fields of science and engineering.
Computer-aided process planning (CAPP) is the use of computer technology to aid in the process planning of a part or product, in manufacturing.
Computer-aided production engineering (CAPE) is a relatively new and significant branch of engineering.
Computer-aided simple triage (CAST) are computerized methods or systems that assist physicians in initial interpretation and classification of medical images.
Computer-aided software engineering (CASE) is the domain of software tools used to design and implement applications.
Computer-aided sports scouting is the use of data analysis by computer to assist sports scouts to identify and recruit new talented players.
Computer-aided technologies (CAx) is the use of computer technology to aid in the design, analysis, and manufacture of products.
Computer Aided Verification (CAV) is an annual academic conference on the theory and practice of computer aided formal analysis of software and hardware systems.
Computer Aid has provided over 260,000 refurbished computers to educational institutions and not-for-profit organizations in more than 110 different countries to date.
Computer Aid International is a not-for-profit organization active in the field of Information and Communication Technologies for Development.
Computer Aid shipped its 100,000th computer in February 2008, sending PCs to more than 100 countries.
Computer algebra systems may be divided into two classes: specialized and general-purpose.
Computer algorithms for recognizing objects in photos often learn by example.
Computer alphanumeric keyboards typically have 80 to 110 durable switches, generally one for each key.
Computer Analysts and Programmers Ltd (CAP) was founded in May 1962 and grew to be one of the foremost IT companies in the UK before merging with French company Sema-Metra in 1988 to form Sema Group.
Computer and Management Institute (CMI), approved by Royal Civil Service Commission vide letter no RCSC/S-4/99/4762 dated 13/14 January 1999, was established on 1 February 1999 as a vocational training institute.
Computer and network surveillance is the monitoring of computer activity and data stored on a hard drive, or data being transferred over computer networks such as the Internet.
Computer and network surveillance programs are widespread today and almost all Internet traffic can be monitored.
Computer and the final single to be released from said album on 24 March 1998.
Computer and video game collector and limited editions (commonly referred to as CE and LE's) are video games packaged with bonus materials and enhancements not available in the standard release.
Computer and Video Games (CVG, C&VG or C+VG) was a UK-based video game magazine, published in its original form between 1981 and 2004.
Computer and Video Games highly recommended the game and praised its graphics and gameplay.
Computer Animated Hand is a 1972 American computer-animated film produced by Edwin Catmull and Fred Parke.
Computer Animation and Social Agents (CASA) was founded in 1988 in Geneva, Switzerland and it is the oldest international conference in computer animation and social agents in the world.
Computer animation is essentially a digital successor to the stop motion techniques using 3D models, and traditional animation techniques using frame-by-frame animation of 2D illustrations.
Computer animation is the process used for generating animated images.
Computer animation physics or game physics involves the introduction of the laws of physics into a simulation or game engine, particularly in 3D computer graphics, for the purpose of making the effects appear more realistic to the observer.
Computer animation, traditional animation, and vocal mixing and manipulation are common features.
Computer animation was utilized in several scenes, predominantly in the Hydra battle sequence.
Computer Applications began during the 1994-95 scholastic year, replacing the Keyboarding contest previously held by UIL.
Computer Applications is one of several academic events sanctioned by the University Interscholastic League Computer Applications is designed to test students' abilities to use word processing, spreadsheet, and database applications software, including integration of applications.
Computer as an "upgrade" card for accelerating Windows NT.
Computer Assisted/Aided Qualitative Data Analysis Software (CAQDAS) offers tools that assist with qualitative research such as transcription analysis, coding and text interpretation, recursive abstraction, content analysis, discourse analysis, grounded theory methodology, etc.
Computer-assisted audit techniques (CAATs) or computer-assisted audit tools and techniques (CAATTs) is a growing field within the IT audit profession.
Computer-assisted gaming attempts to combine the advantages of PC games with those of face-to-face games.
Computer-assisted gaming (CAG) and computer-assisted wargaming (CAWG) refer to games which are at least partially computerized, but where on important part of the action is not virtual but performed in real life or on a miniature terrain.
Computer-assisted legal research (CALR) or computer-based legal research is a mode of legal research that uses databases of court opinions, statutes, court documents, and secondary material.
Computer-assisted orthopedic surgery or computer-assisted orthopedic surgery (sometimes abbreviated as CAOS) is a discipline where computer technology is applied pre-, intra- and/or post-operatively to improve the outcome of orthopedic surgical procedures.
Computer-assisted personal interviewing (CAPI) is an interviewing technique in which the respondent or interviewer uses a computer to answer the questions.
Computer-assisted reporting describes the use of computers to gather and analyze the data necessary to write news stories.
Computer-assisted reviewing (CAR) tools are pieces of software based on text-comparison and analysis algorithms.
Computer-assisted structure elucidation (or CASE) is the technique of using software to generate all possible molecular structures that are consistent with a particular set of spectroscopic data.
Computer-assisted surgery (CAS) represents a surgical concept and set of methods, that use computer technology for surgical planning, and for guiding or performing surgical interventions.
Computer-assisted survey information collection (CASIC) refers to a variety of survey modes that were enabled by the introduction of computer technology.
Computer-assisted telephone interviewing (CATI) is a telephone surveying technique in which the interviewer follows a script provided by a software application.
Computer-assisted translation,computer-aided translation or CAT is a form of language translation in which a human translator uses computer hardware to support and facilitate the translation process.
Computer-assisted translation is sometimes called machine-assisted, or machine-aided, translation (not to be confused with machine translation).
Computer-assisted web interviewing (CAWI) is an Internet surveying technique in which the interviewee follows a script provided in a website.
Computer Associates International, Inc. v. Altai, Inc., 982 F.2d 693 (2d Cir. 1992) is a decision from the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit that addressed to what extent non-literal elements of software are protected by copyright law.
Computer Associates sold Sterling Software's Federal Systems Group to Northrop Grumman in 2000.
Computer Atlas of Surface Topology of Proteins (CASTp) is a tool in bioinformatics which is an online resource for identifying some of the geometric properties of proteins such as locating, delineating, and measuring concave surface regions on 3D structures of proteins obtained from PDB, also to study surface features, functional regions and active site of proteins.
Computer audition (CA) or machine listening is general field of study of algorithms and systems for audio understanding by machine.
Computer Automation Inc. was a computer manufacturer founded by David H. Methvin in 1968, based originally in Irvine, California, United States.
Computer Backup - An online backup tool that allows Windows and macOS users to back up their data to offsite data centers.
Computer Baseball is a 1981 computer simulation computer game by Strategic Simulations, Inc..
Computer-based audiovisual equipment is often used in education, with many schools and universities installing projection equipment and using interactive whiteboard technology.
Computer-based climate models are unable to replicate the observed warming unless human greenhouse gas emissions are included.
Computer-based dynamic animation was first used at a very simple level in the 1989 Pixar short film Knick Knack to move the fake snow in the snowglobe and pebbles in a fish tank.
Computer-based information systems like those in the GISIN present specific information to help detect, rapidly respond to, and control invasive alien species, flora or fauna.
Computer Based Interlocking is the generic term for railway signal interlocking implemented with computers rather than older technologies such as relays or mechanics.
Computer-based mail and messaging became possible with the advent of time-sharing computers in the early 1960s, and informal methods of using shared files to pass messages were soon expanded into the first mail systems.
Computer-based mathematics education (CBME) is an approach to teaching mathematics that emphasizes the use of computers.
Computer-Based Math is an educational project started by Conrad Wolfram in 2010 to promote the idea that routine mathematical calculations should be done with a computer.
Computer-based test interpretation (CBTI) programs are technological tools that have been commonly used to interpret data in psychological assessments since the 1960s.
Computer Bild is a German fortnightly computer magazine published by Axel Springer SE.
Computer Bismarck is a computer wargame developed and published by Strategic Simulations, Inc. (SSI) in 1980.
Computer booking systems allow public service with reduced staff involvement.
Computer bridge is the playing of the game contract bridge using computer software.
Computer bureaus developed during the early 1960s, following the development of time-sharing operating systems.
Computer Buyer was a British monthly computer and technology magazine published by Dennis Publishing.
Computer chess acts as solo entertainment (allowing players to practice and to better themselves when no sufficiently strong human opponents are available), as aids to chess analysis, for computer chess competitions, and as research to provide insights into human cognition.
Computer Chess is a 2013 independent comedy-drama film written and directed by Andrew Bujalski.
Computer chess is a game of computer architecture encompassing hardware and software capable of playing chess autonomously without human guidance.
Computer Chronicles was an American half-hour television series, broadcast from 1983 to 2002 on Public Broadcasting Service (PBS) public television, which documented the rise of the personal computer from its infancy to the immense market at the turn of the 21st century.
Computer City was a chain of United States-based computer superstores operated by Tandy Corporation; the retailer was sold to CompUSA in 1998 and was merged into the CompUSA organization.
Computer City was a supercenter concept featuring name-brand and private label computers, software and related products; at the height of its success the company had over 100 locations in the United States and five in Europe.
Computer.com was a short-lived dot-com company founded in 1999.
Computer Consoles Inc. or CCI was a telephony and computer company located in Rochester, New York, United States, which did business first as a private, and then ultimately a public company from 1968 to 1990.
Computer-controlled bots can also be used in place of human opponents.
Computer-controlled electric motors are commonly employed to allow the telescope to move in sync with the apparent motion of the sky, according to a pre-computed pointing model.
Computer cooling apparatus are designed to dissipate power up to the thermal design power, rather than maximum power, and a power virus could cause the system to overheat; if it does not have logic to stop the processor, this may cause permanent physical damage.
Computer cooling is a sub-topic.
Computer Cooties is a mixtape by American hip hop artist Busdriver.
ComputerCop (stylized ComputerCOP) is content control software developed by the Bohemia, New York-based company ComputerCop Software.
Computer covers all aspects of computer science.
Computer crime can be broadly defined as criminal activity involving information technology infrastructure, including illegal access (unauthorized access), illegal interception (by technical means of non-public transmissions of computer data to, from or within a computer system), data interference (unauthorized damaging, deletion, deterioration, alteration or suppression of computer data), systems interference (interfering with the functioning of a computer system by inputting, transmitting, damaging, deleting, deteriorating, altering or suppressing computer data), misuse of devices, forgery (or identity theft) and electronic fraud.
Computer crime, or cybercrime in India has been evolving rapidly.
Computer criminals have used premium-rate numbers to defraud unsuspecting Internet users.
Computer Currents doesn't torture-test 200 modems or devote space to industry chitchat.
Computer Currents is fundamentally pro-consumerist, and we'll go undercover to ferret out sloppy service and scams.
Computer Currents is the 411/911 magazine.
Computer Currents was a freely distributed United States computer magazine, with local editions across the country.
Computer cut sails can produce the amount of twist specified by the sailmaker, and in different conditions, different amounts of twist may be desirable.
Computer data storage is one of the core functions of a general purpose computer.
Computer data storage, often called storage or memory, is a technology consisting of computer components and recording media that are used to retain digital data.
Computer devices account for nearly 70% of e-waste, with the contribution of telecom sector being 12%, medical equipment being 8%, and electric equipments being 7% of the annual e-waste production.
Computer display standards are a combination of aspect ratio, display size, display resolution, color depth, and refresh rate.
Computer-driven barostats have widely been used to assess sensation and pain thresholds in the gut.
Computer Economics is an IT research firm focusing on the strategic and financial management of information systems.
Computer education was introduced in 1996, when computers and multimedia equipment were purchased.
Computer endgame tablebases show that 40.1% of the legal positions with this material are theoretical wins, but that includes many unnatural positions that are unlikely to occur in games.
Computer Engineer Barbie is the 126th career version of Mattel's Barbie doll.
Computer engineering is a sub-field of electronics engineering, covering only the digital aspects of electronics engineering, specializing in hardware-systems areas like computer architecture, processor design, high-performance computing, parallel processing, computer networks and embedded systems.
Computer equipment used this tube as a relay driver or to run the solenoids in key punch machines.
Computer Era is an extended play by American hip hop artist Astro.
Computer events can be generated or triggered by the system, by the user or in other ways.
Computer facial animation is primarily an area of computer graphics that encapsulates methods and techniques for generating and animating images or models of a character face.
Computer files may be reopened, modified, and copied an arbitrary number of times.
Computer Football Strategy (also known as Football Strategy) is a computer game that simulates the National Football League from a strategic point of view.
Computer forensics (also known as computer forensic science) is a branch of digital forensic science pertaining to evidence found in computers and digital storage media.
Computer fraud is the act of using a computer to take or alter electronic data, or to gain unlawful use of a computer or system.
Computer Game developed by the independent game developer Dark Sky Entertainment and released in November 2008.
Computer Game of Armored Combat on the Eastern Front was Chris Crawford's first computer game.
Computer Game Review was a print monthly magazine covering both computer gaming and video gaming.
Computer Gamer praised the intuitiveness of the game's parser, as opposed to other games that require a persnickety combination of words.
Computer games in which users dress up characters have been published on the Internet.
Computer Games is the debut album by funk musician George Clinton, released by Capitol Records on November 5, 1982.
Computer Games Magazine was a computer gaming print magazine, founded in 1988 as the United Kingdom publication Games International.
Computer games use product keys to verify that the game has not been copied without authorization.
Computer Gaming World (CGW) was an American computer game magazine published between 1981 and 2006.
Computer Gaming World criticized the game for failing to break new ground and for its "muddled" blend of science fiction themes, but did recommend it to players new to this genre.
Computer Gaming World disliked the repetitive action sequences, but admired the game's satirical tone and writing.
Computer Gaming World listed it as the fourth worst game of all time in its November 1996 issue.
Computer Gaming World reported in March 1994 that QQP was as "a very satisfying wellspring of entertainment", although its "fine games" had "below average documentation".
Computer generated animation of Mr. Bill was also occasionally interwoven into the segments involving the traditional clay Mr. Bill.
Computer-generated animations are more controllable than other more physically based processes, constructing miniatures for effects shots or hiring extras for crowd scenes, and because it allows the creation of images that would not be feasible using any other technology.
Computer-generated graphics were provided by Mehau Kulyk for issues #27 through #52.
Computer-generated holograms have the advantage that the objects which one wants to show do not have to possess any physical reality at all (completely synthetic hologram generation).
Computer-generated holography (CGH) is the method of digitally generating holographic interference patterns.
Computer-generated imagery was produced by Carbon Digital at MediaCityUK for the series, including the title sequence.
Computer-generated Miquela is an Instagram model and music artist claiming to be from Downey, California.
Computer Ghosts is a 1987 Australian film.
Computer graphics allow the sailmaker to produce a "lines drawing" of the sail.
Computer graphics are pictures and films created using computers.
Computer graphics artists often visit alt.binaries.slack to show off their latest experimental works, along with underground musicians who want to expose their music to a "unique" audience.
Computer graphics can be classified into distinct categories: raster graphics and vector graphics, with further 2D and 3d variants.
Computer graphics development has had a significant impact on many types of media and has revolutionized animation, movies, advertising, video games, and graphic design in general.
Computer Graphics International (CGI) is one of the oldest annual international conferences on computer graphics.
Computer graphics is responsible for displaying art and image data effectively and meaningfully to the consumer.
Computer Graphics Metafile (CGM) is a free and open international standard file format for 2D vector graphics, raster graphics, and text, and is defined by ISO/IEC 8632.
Computer Graphics was a publication of ACM SIGGRAPH.
Computer hackers obtained an a cappella version of the song, and added their own production before leaking the song online.
Computer hardware and software companies found MUGs to be a valuable place to provide information about their products.
Computer hardware and software standards are technical standards instituted for compatibility and interoperability between software, systems, platforms and devices.
Computer hardware includes the physical parts or components of a computer, such as the central processing unit, monitor, keyboard, computer data storage, graphic card, sound card, speakers and motherboard.
Computer hardware, including virtual machines, nearly always provide a way to represent a processor register or memory address as an integer.
Computer hardware is designed to exploit the behavior of temporary data: a cache or register file may contain temporaries internally to a microprocessor, such that they never need to be committed to main memory (hence consuming no external memory bandwidth).
Computer hardware or software is said to be bug compatible if it exactly replicates even an undesirable feature of a previous version.
Computer Hearts is a 2015 Canadian short film that was directed by Turner Stewart and Dionne Copland.
Computer Hope is a free online computer help site.
Computer illustration or digital illustration is the use of digital tools to produce images under the direct manipulation of the artist, usually through a pointing device such as a tablet or a mouse.
Computer Incident Advisory Capability (CIAC) was the original computer security incident response team at the Department of Energy.
Computer-induced health problems can be an umbrella term for the various problems a computer user can develop from prolonged and incorrect computer use.
Computer insurance is the insurance of computer hardware, systems and data against loss or damage.
Computer-integrated manufacturing (CIM) is the manufacturing approach of using computers to control the entire production process.
Computer Interface to Message Distribution (CIMD) is a proprietary short message service center protocol developed by Nokia for their SMSC (now: Nokia Networks).
Computer is a computer help site founded by Lawrence Abrams in 2004.
Computer is an IEEE Computer Society practitioner-oriented magazine issued to all members of the society.
Computer is the debut studio album by American singer and YouTube personality Poppy.
Computer)It is internet capable by attaching an add-on modem or through an Ethernet or Wi-Fi card.
Computerized activism exists at the intersections of politico-social movements and computer-mediated communication.
Computerized adaptive testing (CAT) is a form of computer-based test that adapts to the examinee's ability level.
Computerized Approach to Residential Land Analysis, known as CARLA, was a proprietary software program developed by the architectural firm Willis & Associates of San Francisco, California, in 1971.
Computerized graphics have been popular since BBC Two introduced the world's first computer-generated television identification in the summer of 1979.
Computerized leafcasting was first employed in the mid-1980s at the Folger Shakespeare Library.
Computerized maintenance management system (CMMS), also known as computerized maintenance management information system (CMMIS), is a software package that maintains a computer database of information about an organization's maintenance operations.
Computerized methods are increasingly being used for professional competition and bigger tournaments.
Computerized monitoring systems tell suppliers when to restrict credit to unhealthy businesses.
Computerized neuropsychological assessment helps neuropsychologists and psychologists to assess functions relative to possible brain damage using a software.
Computerized physician order entry (CPOE), sometimes referred to as computerized provider order entry or computerized provider order management (CPOM), is a process of electronic entry of medical practitioner instructions for the treatment of patients (particularly hospitalized patients) under his or her care.
Computerized reservation facility is provided.
Computerized systems were first introduced in Europe in the early 1980s, and in North America in 1986.
Computerized system validation (CSV) is the documented process of assuring that a computerized system does exactly what it is designed to do in a consistent and reproducible manner.
Computer Jagat is an Information and Communication Technology (ICT) based Bengali-language magazine published monthly in Bangladesh since 1991.
Computer keyboards can be classified by the switch technology that they use.
Computer keyboards contain membranes with printed circuits that sense when a key is pressed.
Computer labs are typically provided by libraries to the public, by academic institutions to students who attend the institution, or by other institutions to the public or to people affiliated with that institution.
Computer labs provide students advanced applications and access to word processing to improve writing skills.
Computer languages like LabVIEW, VisSim and Simulink allow quick creation of such real-time simulations and have connections to industrial displays and Programmable Logic Controllers via OLE for process control or digital and analog I/O cards.
Computer languages such as C and C++ are also part of the curriculum.
Computer Lib is a 1974 book by Ted Nelson, originally published by Nelson himself, and printed with Dream Machines, another book by Nelson, as a two front cover paperback to indicate its intertwingled nature, and was republished with a foreword by Stewart Brand in 1987 by Microsoft Press.
Computer Lib, subtitled "You can and must understand computers NOW," was influenced by Brand's Whole Earth Catalog.
Computer liquidators are agents that act in the computer recycling, or electronic recycling, business.
Computer literacy is the ability to use computers and related technology efficiently, with a range of skills covering levels from elementary use to programming and advanced problem solving.
Computer Love is an Australian hip hop album by TZU, released on 28 June 2008.
Computer Magazine is a free publication (in addition to their webcasts and other resources) sponsored by the nonprofit UTCP (United Technology and Computing Professionals) organization, and as such charges no fees for the publication nor is influenced by advertising, so their reviews are relied on in the industry and considered unbiased and thorough.
Computer Magazine is one of the early large technology publications and resources available on the web still existent and thriving today and that has remained independent.
Computer magazines are about computers and related subjects, such as networking and the Internet.
Computer Magic is the solo-project of American musician and producer Danielle Johnson, also referred to by her alias, Danz, based in Brooklyn, NY.She is the singer, writer, composer, and the producer for Computer Magic.
Computer main memory slowly moved away from magnetic core memory devices to solid-state static and dynamic semiconductor memory, which greatly reduced the cost, size and power consumption of computers.
Computerman are a four-piece indie synthpop band from Nottingham, although they are often referred to as a Leicester band due to two members heralding from rural South Leicestershire.
Computerman began recording sessions for their first studio album late in 2006.
Computer manufacturers that used these processors include Packard Bell, Compaq, ZEOS and IBM.
Computerman was a TV series that aired on Channel 101 in 2003 exclusively on the internet.
Computer-mediated reality has been used to enhance visual perception as an aid to the visually impaired.
Computer-mediated reality refers to the ability to add to, subtract information from, or otherwise manipulate one's perception of reality through the use of a wearable computer or hand-held device such as a smartphone.
Computer memory is usually described as 'random access', but traversals by software will still exhibit patterns that can be exploited for efficiency.
Computer memory operates at a high speed, for example random-access memory (RAM), as a distinction from storage that provides slow-to-access information but offers higher capacities.
Computer modeling has shown that this greater potency is due to stronger binding to estrogen receptors.
Computer modeling is sometimes used to evaluate likely succession stages in a seral community.
Computer Models of the Fundamental Mechanisms of Thought is a 1995 book by Douglas Hofstadter and other members of the Fluid Analogies Research Group exploring the mechanisms of intelligence through computer modeling.
Computer models use these experimentally determined networks to develop further predictions of gene function.
Computer Modern, or variants of it, remains very widely used in scientific publishing, especially in disciplines that make frequent use of mathematical notation.
Computer molecular modeling allows both animations and molecular dynamics simulations that are very important to understand how DNA functions in vivo.
Computer molecular models also allow animations and molecular dynamics simulations that are very important for understanding how DNA functions in vivo.
Computer Music Center (CMC) at Columbia University is the oldest center for electronic and computer music research in the United States.
Computer Music is a monthly magazine published by Future plc in the UK.
Computer music is the application of computing technology in music composition, to help human composers create new music or to have computers independently create music, such as with algorithmic composition programs.
Computer Music Journal is a peer-reviewed academic journal that covers a wide range of topics related to digital audio signal processing and electroacoustic music.
Computer Music Journal was established in 1977.
Computer network diagrams form an important part of network documentation.
Computer network operations are deliberate actions taken to leverage and optimize these networks to improve human endeavor and enterprise or, in warfare, to gain information superiority and deny the enemy this enabling capability.
Computer Network Operations (CNO) is a broad term that has both military and civilian application.
Computer network programming involves writing computer programs that enable processes to communicate with each other across a computer network.
Computer networks are also addressable, such as via the MAC address on Ethernet network cards, and similar networking protocols like Bluetooth.
Computer networks are connected together to form larger networks such as campus networks, corporate networks, or the Internet.
Computer networks differ in the transmission medium used to carry their signals, communications protocols to organize network traffic, the network's size, topology, traffic control mechanism and organizational intent.
Computer Networks is a scientific journal of computer and telecommunications networking published by Elsevier.
Computer networks support an enormous number of applications and services such as access to the World Wide Web, digital video, digital audio, shared use of application and storage servers, printers, and fax machines, and use of email and instant messaging applications as well as many others.
Computer numerical control (CNC) has brought about change in the method of timber fretwork manufacture.
Computer One is a science fiction novel of the near future by British novelist Warwick Collins, published in 1993.
Computer operating systems as far back as early Unix have included interactive calculator programs such as dc and hoc, and calculator functions are included in almost all personal digital assistant (PDA) type devices, the exceptions being a few dedicated address book and dictionary devices.
Computer operating systems can be categorized by technology, ownership, licensing, working state, usage, and by many other characteristics.
Computer operating systems commonly employ multiple key/value lists that associate easily remembered names with the integer numbers used to identify users, groups, other computers, hardware devices, and other entities.
Computer operating systems include file copying methods to users, with operating systems with graphical user interfaces (GUIs) often providing copy-and-paste or drag-and-drop methods of file copying.
Computer operating systems (OSes) provide a set of functions needed and used by most application programs on a computer, and the links needed to control and synchronize computer hardware.
Computer operation controls.
Computer operation is controlled by an internally stored program which is loaded from a magnetic tape cartridge at the launch facility (LF).
Computer operators communicated with IBM mainframe computers using an electro-mechanical typewriter-like console that came standard on most IBM 360 and 370 computer, except a few upper end models that offered video consoles and the Model 20 which came standard without a console.
Computer Othello refers to computer architecture encompassing computer hardware and computer software capable of playing the game of Othello.
Computer Peripherals, Inc. (CPI) was an American manufacturer of computer printers, based in Rochester, Michigan.
Computer Physics Communications is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Elsevier under the North-Holland imprint.
Computer Pioneer Recipients - Awarded annually since 1981.
Computer platforms may include systems with both open and closed architectures.
Computer ports have many uses, to connect a monitor, webcam, speakers, or other peripheral devices.
Computer power supplies have the AC/DC converter in which energy is lost when converted.
Computer processors provide hardware support for procedural programming through a stack register and instructions for calling procedures and returning from them.
Computer Professionals for Social Responsibility (CPSR) was a global organization promoting the responsible use of computer technology.
Computer Professionals' Union (CPU or CP-Union) is a mass organization of information and communications technology (ICT) professionals, practitioners, and workers in the Philippines.
Computer programmers historically used "Press any key to continue" (or a similar text) as a prompt to the user when it was necessary to pause processing.
Computer programming is the process of designing and building an executable computer program for accomplishing a specific computing task.
Computer programming tasks that require bit manipulation include low-level device control, error detection and correction algorithms, data compression, encryption algorithms, and optimization.
Computer programs have been implemented with forensic DNA statistics for assessing the biological relationships between two or more people.
Computer programs may utilize unformatted or formatted input, and this is where SDA applies.
Computer programs often represent the values of pieces and positions in terms of 'centipawns' (cp), where 100 cp = 1 pawn, which allows strategic features of the position, worth less than a single pawn, to be evaluated without requiring fractions.
Computer programs that solve these problems have been used to research a broad range of scientific topics from ADP to breast cancer.
Computer programs usually play rollouts where the number of games is a multiple of 36, and ensure that the first dice roll is uniformly distributed.
Computer program that implement three-taxon analysis is LisBeth (for systematic and biogeographic studies).
Computer projections estimate that the 2007 population was 32,859.
Computer provides information regarding current research developments, trends, best practices, and changes in the computing profession.
Computer rage refers to negative psychological responses towards a computer due to heightened anger or frustration.
Computer random number generators are important in mathematics, cryptography and gambling (on game servers).
Computer recycling, electronic recycling or e-waste recycling is the disassembly and separation of components and raw materials of waste electronics.
Computer Review is the oldest analyst firm that has been in continuous operation since its inception in 1959, as Adams Associates.
Computer role-playing games (CRPGs) are once again popular.
Computers and Blues is the fifth and final album to be released by Mike Skinner under alias The Streets, officially released in the United Kingdom on 7 February 2011.
Computers and networks can run multiple network protocols, so almost all IPX sites will be running TCP/IP as well to allow for Internet connectivity.
Computers and Writing is the name of a conference as well as a sub-field of college English studies whose members are dedicated to the academic study of how computers, as well as other, related digital technologies, affect literacy and the writing process.
Computers announced, but never completed, are not included.
Computers are a British rock band from Exeter, England.
Computers are critical to analysis and modeling of these data.
Computers are ideally suited to automating this type of attack.
Computers are increasingly used in content analysis to automate the labeling (or coding) of documents.
Computers are used as control systems for a wide variety of industrial and consumer devices.
Computers are used to generate numeric models for the purpose of describing or displaying complex interaction among multiple variables within a system.
Computers attached to the same Ethernet hub satisfy this requirement, which is why network switches are used to combat malicious use of promiscuous mode.
Computers can perform these calculations at a rate of millions per second, and thousands of computers can be harnessed together in a distributed computing network.
Computer science (also called computing science) is the study of the theoretical foundations of information and computation and their implementation and application in computer systems.
Computer science and engineering (CSE) is an academic program at some universities that integrates the fields of computer engineering and computer science.
Computer Science and Engineering integrates all of the above and is intended to develop a solid understanding of the entire machine (computer hardware and software).
Computer science and engineering was started in 2001.
Computer Science at University of Massachusetts Amherst began as a department in 1964.
Computer Science began during the 1990-91 scholastic year as strictly a team event.
Computer Science House (CSH) is a special interest house at the Rochester Institute of Technology (RIT) founded in 1976.
Computer Science House is commonly referred to as "House" or "Floor" by its members.
Computer Science Information Science Electronics and Communication Mechanical Engineering Electrical and ElectronicsThe college was founded by B.T Lakshman an NRI who earlier worked as a Civil Engineer at Delaware, USA.
Computer science in sport is an interdisciplinary discipline that has its goal in combining the theoretical as well as practical aspects and methods of the areas of informatics and sport science.
Computer Science is designed to test students' programming abilities.
Computer Science is one of several academic events sanctioned by the University Interscholastic League.
Computer science is one of the STEM fields, (science, technology, engineering, and mathematics), and like many STEM fields, it has a problem maintaining a strong and diverse STEM pipeline.
Computer science professor Ramon A. Mata-Toledo served as team adviser.
Computer science programs typically centers primarily around theory and software, with only some hardware; upper division courses tend to allow a lot of freedom to specialize in software and theory related areas (e.g. algorithms, artificial intelligence, cryptography/security, graphics/visualization, numerical and symbolic computing, operating systems/distributed processing, software engineering).
Computer Sciences Corporation (CSC) was an American multinational corporation that provided information technology (IT) services and professional services.
Computer scientist Michael K. Bergman is credited with coining the term deep web in 2001 as a search indexing term.
Computer scientists had been self-archiving in anonymous ftp archives since the 1970s and physicists had been self-archiving in arxiv since the 1990s.
Computer scientists have adopted the term "pane" to refer to parts of sectioned windows on a graphical display.
Computer scientists may classify database-management systems according to the database models that they support.
Computer scientists typically work on the theoretical side of computer systems, as opposed to the hardware side that computer engineers mainly focus on (although there is overlap).
Computer scientists use probabilistic analysis techniques, especially expected value, to determine expected running times.
Computers continue to be important in cryptanalysis well into the 21st century.
ComputerScope was a Computer magazine edited and produced by the publishing company MediaTeam in Dublin, Ireland.
Computers decode the data and compare to the real aircraft position, with results displayed to the inspector for verification while airborne.
Computers discovered by the Xgrid system, that is computers with Mac OS X's Xgrid service enabled, are automatically added to the list of available computers to use for processing tasks.
Computer security can be comprised by devices, such as keyboards, monitors or printers (thanks to electromagnetic or acoustic emanation for example) or by components of the computer, such as the memory, the network card or the processor (thanks to time or temperature analysis for example).
Computer security compromised by hardware failure is a branch of computer security applied to hardware.
Computer security expert Bruce Schneier wrote in his 2009 book Schneier on Security that Boston officials were "ridiculed" for their overreaction to the incident.
Computer security experts generally describe cyberattacks in terms of five generations, tracking their evolution from simple computer viruses in the early 1980s, and growing in sophistication and scale in the decades since.
Computer security incident management is a specialized form of incident management, the primary purpose of which is the development of a well understood and predictable response to damaging events and computer intrusions.
Computer security portal Cryptography portal Nitrokey is an open source USB key to enable secure encryption and signing of data.
Computer security portal Double encoding is an attack technique used to bypass security mechanisms which only decode data once.
Computer security portal Free software portal Honeyd is an open source computer program created by Niels Provos that allows a user to set up and run multiple virtual hosts on a computer network.
Computer security portal Internet portal Goatse Security (GoatSec) is a loose-knit, nine-person gray hat hacker group that specializes in uncovering security flaws.
Computer security portal Linux portal NetTop is an NSA project to run Multiple Single-Level systems with a Security-Enhanced Linux host running VMware with Windows as a guest operating system.
Computer security portal Samy (also known as JS.Spacehero) is an XSS worm that was designed to propagate across the MySpace social-networking site written by Samy Kamkar.
Computer security portal Sucuri is a company started by Daniel Cid in 2010 (founder of the OSSEC project).
Computer security software or cybersecurity software is any computer program designed to enhance information security.
Computer series was designed by Andrew Donald Booth at Birkbeck College, London in the early 1950s.
Computers for African Schools is a charity based in the United Kingdom which aims to give children in developing African countries the opportunitiy to gain experience with and understanding of computers and IT.
Computershare Limited, is an Australian stock transfer company that provides corporate trust, stock transfer and employee share plan services in a number of different countries.
Computers have been capable of generating 2D images such as simple lines, images and polygons in real time since their invention.
Computers have been used in dental medicine since the 1960s.
Computers have both advantages and disadvantages.
Computers have not yet reached all people in Iran.
Computers have now replaced the pen and paper based accounting that constituted most of the stationery binding industry.
Computers have often been used as fictional objects in literature, movies and in other forms of media.
Computer shogi is a field of artificial intelligence concerned with the creation of computer programs which can play shogi.
Computer Shopper is a magazine published monthly since 1988 in the UK by Dennis Publishing Ltd..
Computer Shopper was a monthly consumer computer magazine published by SX2 Media Labs.
Computer simulation and modeling, particularly of the LMG, is being used for all components of the program, including the rifle.
Computer simulation is a prominent method in organizational studies and strategic management.
Computer simulation is the reproduction of the behavior of a system using a computer to simulate the outcomes of a mathematical model associated with said system.
Computer simulation is used to integrate disparate data (genomic, anatomic, physiological, etc.) to explain and predict function, and to translate the findings from animal models to yield new information on specific interrelated complex diseases in humans, including hypertension, kidney disease, heart failure, and metabolic syndrome.
Computer simulation provides the capability to enter fields that are either inaccessible to traditional experimentation or where carrying out traditional empirical inquiries is prohibitively expensive.
Computer simulations are realized by running computer programs that can be either small, running almost instantly on small devices, or large-scale programs that run for hours or days on network-based groups of computers.
Computer simulations indicate that these two black holes will gradually spiral in toward each other until they merge.
Computer simulation studies have shown that linking two loops of the same kind brings no overall advantage over having a single loop, however the dual-loop switch performs in a monostable regime.
Computer Simulation Technology Samsung European Quality Assurance LaboratoryIt publishes the industry journal, The EMC Journal.
Computers in Biology and Medicine is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal established in 1970.
Computers in computer labs are typically arranged either in rows, so that every workstation has a similar view of one end of the room to facilitate lecturing or presentations, or in clusters, to facilitate small group work.
Computers in computer labs are typically equipped with internet access, while scanners and printers may augment the lab setup.
Computers in the 1950s and 1960s often did not have operating systems in the modern sense.
Computers in the 1950s and 1960s typically dealt with data that were organized into records either by the nature of the media, e.g., lines of print, or by application requirements.
Computers in the classroom include any digital technology used to enhance, supplement, or replace a traditional educational curriculum.
Computers in the same subnetwork have the same address prefix.
Computers may read information from a variety of sources, such as magnetic storage, the Internet, or audio and video input ports.
Computers may use these FOAF profiles to find, for example, all people living in Europe, or to list all people both you and a friend of yours know.
Computers, mobile phones, and other digital home appliances are now inextricable parts of the structure of modern societies, made possible by the small size and low cost of ICs.
Computers often set their time from an Internet atomic clock source.
Computer software and commercial unmodified electronics for which the manufacturer maintains design control are not covered.
Computer software formally known as structured storage systems include Apache Cassandra, Google's Bigtable and Apache HBase.
Computer software is said to exhibit scalable locality if it can continue to make use of processors that out-pace their memory systems, to solve ever larger problems.
Computer software often adjusts clocks automatically, but policy changes by various jurisdictions of DST dates and timings may be confusing.
Computer software that can create sounds or music is not new, but advances in processing speed are allowing softsynths to accomplish the same tasks that previously required dedicated hardware.
Computer software used to compile the data from the collector can print out summaries that pinpoint missed checkpoints or patrols without the operator having to review all the data collected.
Computers on the same local area network (LAN) can receive this stream of information by connecting to SnapStream's Web-based software client.
Computer Space forum is a yearly computer art festivals, organized by the Student Computer Art Society (SCAS) in Sofia, Bulgaria.
Computers participating in networks that use the Internet protocol suite may also be called IP hosts.
Computerspielemuseum Berlin (Computer Games Museum Berlin) was founded in 1997.
Computers rarely have built-in GPS receivers or mobile telephone network connectivity, so these methods of location and signaling are not available.
Computers running Microsoft operating systems in the same workgroup may share files, printers, or Internet connection.
Computers running Unix, Linux, and BSD have a selection of line editors: ed for interactive use, sed for offline use, and ex, an 'extension to ed.
Computer Stew was an Internet video series about technology created by John Hargrave, founder of Zug.com, and Jay Stevens.
Computers that are not always connected to the network, such as laptops.
Computers that belong to a subnet are addressed with an identical most-significant bit-group in their IP addresses.
Computers that have DMA channels can transfer data to and from devices with much less CPU overhead than computers without DMA channels.
Computers that predominantly used peripherals were characterized as I/O bound.
Computer Studies was introduced as an examinable subject in the year 2002.
ComputerSupport.com is a managed services systems management IT support firm based in Natick, Massachusetts.
Computer supported brainstorming can be implemented using a wide variety of electronic technologies.
Computer-supported collaboration (CSC) research focuses on technology that affects groups, organizations, communities and societies, e.g., voice mail and text chat.
Computer-supported collaborative learning (CSCL) is a pedagogical approach where in learning takes place via social interaction using a computer or through the Internet.
Computer Supported Cooperative Work (CSCW) and Human-Computer Interaction (HCI).
Computer-supported telecommunications applications (CSTA) is an abstraction layer for telecommunications applications.
Computer surveillance in the workplace refers to the use of computers to monitor activity in a place of work.
Computer surveillance may also incorporate more traditional security applications such as video surveillance with Closed-circuit television or IP camera based systems.
Computers use modularity to overcome changing customer demands and to make the manufacturing process more adaptive to change (see modular programming).
Computers using that architecture are still in production as the Unisys ClearPath Libra servers which run an evolved but compatible version of the MCP operating system first introduced with the B6700.
Computers were revolutionizing the workplace and providing new opportunities for employment as well as requiring new skills and attitudes in the workforce and in society.
Computers were used for the first time during the figure skating competitions to help tabulate the judges' marks and relay the results instantaneously.
Computers which are administered (e.g. software is installed) through the m23 server are the clients.
Computers with a disk and wifi link are attached to busses on a bus route between villages.
Computers with a NAP client will have their health status evaluated upon establishing a network connection.
Computers with modest video card and processor speeds can display evolving artwork in sync with live or recorded music suitable for interactive light-shows.
Computer system busses, on the other hand, have evolved over time: parallel communication was commonly used in earlier system busses, whereas serial communications are prevalent in modern computers.
Computer system designers may use syslog for system management and security auditing as well as general informational, analysis, and debugging messages.
Computer systems, both software and hardware, consist of modules, or components.
Computer systems can be sorted in three main classes: (1) transformational systems that take some inputs, process them, deliver their outputs, and terminate their execution; a typical example is a compiler; (2) interactive systems that interact continuously with their environment, at their own speed; a typical example is the web; and (3) reactive systems that interact continuously with their environment, at a speed imposed by the environment; a typical example is the automatic flight control system of modern airplanes.
Computer Systems Institute (CSI) is a for-profit college in the United States.
Computer tan hoax refers to a trick website set up by skin cancer charity Skcin in 2009 to spread awareness about skin cancer through the Internet.
Computer Task Group, Incorporated (commonly referred to as CTG) is an American multinational company headquartered in Buffalo, New York, that provides information technology staffing and solutions.
Computer Technology Limited or CTL, was a British computer company founded slightly later than Digital Equipment Corporation (DEC) in the United States.
Computer telephony integration (CTI) and computer-supported telecommunications applications (CSTA) are intermediate software that can produce advanced ACD systems.
Computer time-sharing models that were typically used with larger, more expensive minicomputer and mainframe systems, to enable them be used by many people at the same time, are not used with PCs.
Computer-to-plate (CTP) is an imaging technology used in modern printing processes.
Computer!Totaal, conveniently abbreviated as C!T, is a Dutch monthly magazine about computers and related subjects.
Computer Tour to promote the album.
Computer Tour was the debut concert tour by American recording artist, Poppy.
Computer, transmission, and storage systems use a number of measures to provide end-to-end data integrity, or lack of errors.
Computer Transportation Services is a privately held company.
Computer trespass is a computer crime in Kansas, North Carolina, New York, Oklahoma, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, Tennessee, Virginia, and Washington.
Computer typeface versions known as Highway Gothic or Interstate (a separate font), which are for sale to the general public, include punctuation marks based on a rectangular shape.
Computer University, Bhamo is a university located in Bhamo, Kachin State of Myanmar.
Computer University (Kalay) is located 10 miles from Kalaymyo, Sagaing Region and 14 miles from Kalewa, near Ayethayar village.
Computer University (Kalay) was opened on 27, September 2001 as Government Computer College (GCC).
Computer University, Loikaw is a university in Loikaw, Kayah State, Burma.
Computer University, Mawlamyaing is a university located in Kyaikmaraw, Mon State, of Myanmar.
Computer University, Mawlamyine is a university located in Mawlamyine, Myanmar.
Computer University, Meiktila , commonly known as CU - Meiktila, has been producing the graduates in computer sciences and technology majors called CS and CT.
Computer University (Pakokku) is a university located in Pakokku, Magway Region, Myanmar.
Computer University, Sittwe (UCSS) is located in Sanpya quarter, Sittwe, Rakhine State, Myanmar.
Computer User is a computer magazine that was founded in 1982, and which, after several owners and fundamental changes, is still in business today online as computeruser.com.
Computer users have dubbed these messages "screens of death" as they typically result in unsaved work being lost and often indicate serious problems with the system's hardware or software.
Computer viruses reproduce using the hardware and software already present on computers.
Computervision, Inc. (CV) was an early pioneer in Computer Aided Design and Manufacturing (CAD/CAM).
Computer vision is an interdisciplinary field that deals with how computers can be made for gaining high-level understanding from digital images or videos.
Computer vision syndrome (CVS) is a condition resulting from focusing the eyes on a computer or other display device for protracted, uninterrupted periods of time and the eye muscles being unable to recover from the strain due to a lack of adequate sleep.
Computer vision tasks include methods for acquiring, processing, analyzing and understanding digital images, and extraction of high-dimensional data from the real world in order to produce numerical or symbolic information, e.g., in the forms of decisions.
Computervision was acquired by Parametric Technology Corporation in 1998 for $434 million.
Computer Warrior (initially titled Ultimate Warrior) was a comic strip series that debuted in Eagle on 13 April 1985 (shortly after the comic merged with Tiger) and ran for another nine years.
Computer Warriors was a toy line made by Mattel from 1989-1990.
Computer Weekly magazine described him as "the most influential person in UK IT" in their 2017 awards.
Computer, which was released on October 6, 2017.
Computerworld is a publication website and digital magazine for information technology (IT) and business technology professionals.
Computerworld magazine wrote, and Aurora admitted, that the action of publicly signing the pledge could put tech workers at risk of losing their jobs, especially those with security clearances.
Computer worms that spread themselves via email are an example of bulk email software, sometimes referred to as a mass mailer.
Computhink's headquarters are in Lombard, Illinois.
Computing and analyzing the data yields information about the kind of source and, in case of natural seismic events, the geophysics and geology of the sea floor and the deeper crust.
Computing applications which devote most of their execution time to computational requirements are deemed compute-intensive, whereas computing applications which require large volumes of data and devote most of their processing time to I/O and manipulation of data are deemed data-intensive.
ComputingEdge is a monthly magazine published by the IEEE Computer Society since 2015.
Computing facilities in the CCRG include gravitySimulator, a 32-node computer that uses special-purpose GRAPE hardware to achieve speeds of 4Tflops in gravitational N-body calculations; and NewHorizons, a 104-node Linux cluster with dual-processor (dual-core) per node and a total of 1.4 Tbytes of on-board memory.
Computing is a critically important, integral component of modern industrial technology.
Computing is any activity that uses computers.
Computing modules in the OPS format are available on Intel- and ARM-based CPUs, running operating systems including Microsoft Windows and Google Android.
Computing over the web was described in 2000.
Computing platforms have different abstraction levels, including a computer architecture, an OS, or runtime libraries.
Computing power that became available in the late 1990s enables prescribed quantitative values for the permittivity and permeability, the constitutive parameters, which produce localized spatial variations.
Computing, subtitled Archives for Scientific Computing, is a scientific journal published by Springer publishing research in computer science and numerical computation.
Computing systems which perform digital computation are functionally organized to execute operations on strings of digits with respect to the type and location of the digit on the string.
Computing the chromatic sum is NP-hard.
Computing Today was a computer magazine published by Argus Specialist Publications, it was printed in the UK from the late 1970s to the mid-1980s.
Computing user profiles.
Computing with Memory differs from Computing in Memory or processor-in-memory (PIM) concepts, widely investigated in the context of integrating a processor and memory on the same chip to reduce memory latency and increase bandwidth.
Computing with Memory refers to computing platforms where function response is stored in memory array, either one or two-dimensional, in the form of lookup tables (LUTs) and functions are evaluated by retrieving the values from the LUTs.
Computist was a magazine devoted to the Apple II personal computer that was published by Charles R. Haight under the SoftKey Publishing name, between 1981 and 1993, for a total of 89 issues.
Computomics is a biotechnology company co-founded by Detlef Weigel and MEGAN author Daniel Huson.
Computomics provides bioinformatics data analysis services for plant breeding and metagenomics analyzes for plant protection.
Compu-toon is a comic strip by Charles Boyce.
Compu-toon was launched in 1994 through Tribune Media Services.
CompuTrac was the earliest technical analysis software originally made in 1979.
Computronium is a material hypothesized by Norman Margolus and Tommaso Toffoli of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology to be used as "programmable matter", a substrate for computer modeling of virtually any real object.
Computus Runicus refers to a runic calendar produced in 1328 and found on the Swedish island of Gotland.
Compuverde AB is an information technology company with a focus on computer data storage and cloud computing.
Compuware completed a spin-off of Covisint on October 31, 2014.
Compuware Corporation is an American software company with products aimed at the information technology (IT) departments of large businesses.
Compuware found it difficult to gain market share amongst the Java development community with the Optimal suite of products.
Compuware OptimalJ, a model-driven development environment for Java Coverity Static Analysis, which finds crash-causing defects and security vulnerabilities in code DBeaver, universal database manager and SQL client ECLAIR, a tool for automatic program analysis, verification, testing and transformation EasyEclipse, bundled distributions of the Eclipse IDE g-Eclipse, an integrated workbench framework to access the power of existing Grid infrastructures GForge Advanced Server - Collaboration tool with multiframe view through Eclipse integration for multiple functions Google Plugin for Eclipse, Development tools to design, build, optimize and deploy cloud applications to Google App Engine GumTree, an integrated workbench for instrument control and data analysis IBM Rational Application Developer for WebSphere Software, supporting design, development, analysis, testing, profiling and deployment of Java-based applications.
Compuware OptimalJ was a model-driven development environment for Java.
Comrade Detective is an American buddy cop series created by Brian Gatewood and Alessandro Tanaka.
Comrade in America (abbreviated as CIA) is a 2017 Indian Malayalam-language adventure film directed by Amal Neerad, starring Dulquer Salmaan, Karthika Muralidharan and Chandini Sreedharan in the lead roles.
Comrade is a Bengali drama Film directed by former Trinamul Congress student leader Shankudeb Panda.
Comrade Kim Goes Flying is a 2012 joint British-Belgian-North Korean romantic comedy feature film, set and filmed in Pyongyang, North Korea.
Comrade Prisoner Spy is a 2016 autobiography by South African journalist Bridget Hilton-Barber.
Comrades and Strangers is the memoir of Michael Harrold, the first British person to reside in North Korea.
Comrades (German:Kameraden) is a 1919 German silent film directed by Johannes Guter.
Comradeship is a 1919 British silent film drama, directed by Maurice Elvey and starring Lily Elsie, Gerald Ames and Guy Newall.
Comrade Singaravelar presided over the meeting.
Comrades is a 1928 American silent drama film directed by Cliff Wheeler and starring Donald Keith, Helene Costello and Gareth Hughes.
Comrades is a 1938 drama film directed by Frank Borzage and produced by Joseph L. Mankiewicz for MGM.
Comrades is a 1986 British historical drama film directed by Bill Douglas and starring an ensemble cast including James Fox, Robert Stephens and Vanessa Redgrave.
Comrades is an American rock band from Richmond, Virginia.
Comrade Sunny Ofehe is a Nigeria-born, Dutch Environmental Rights Activist whose activities focus on the environmental degradation in the oil rich Niger Delta region of Nigeria.
Comrades was a 1983-84 BBC television documentary series and the related book about life in the Soviet Union composed mainly of interviews and fly on the wall filming of 'normal' Soviet citizens.
Comrade X is a 1940 American comedy spy film directed by King Vidor and starring Clark Gable, Hedy Lamarr, and Oskar Homolka.
Com Records, finally released The Dynamic Superiors' first two Motown albums, The Dynamic Superiors and Pure Pleasure on CD for the first time, in a 2-for-1 set .
ComRes is a market research consultancy headquartered in London, UK and operating internationally.
Comrex is an American corporation that designs and manufactures equipment for radio and television broadcasting.
Comrie Castle is a ruined castle near Comrie, Perth and Kinross, Scotland.
Comrie is a lunar impact crater.
Comrie is head of the Brick Group Income Fund.
Comrie was born in Winnipeg, Manitoba and grew up in Edmonton, Alberta.
Comrie was selected by the Florida Panthers in the 3rd round (80th overall) of the 2008 NHL Entry Draft.
Comrie was selected by the Jets in the 2nd round (59th overall) of the 2013 NHL Entry Draft.
Comrie worked briefly as a stockbroker and was formerly a college soccer coach.
COMSA EMTE is a Spanish construction and infrastructure engineering company specializing in road and rail transport infrastructure construction, electrical grid infrastructure, and general building construction.
COMSEC (communications security), ITSEC (information technology security) and physical security are also a major part of the work in the modern environment.
Comsec Consulting Ltd, is an Israeli information security consulting firm.
COMSEC is used to protect both classified and unclassified traffic on military communications networks, including voice, video, and data.
Comsec was quoted on the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange.
ComServe Wireless 150 was a NASCAR K&N Pro Series East race held annually at Dominion Raceway, the inaugural race of the season.
Comsewogue comes from a language used by the Setalcott or Setauket Indians who were native to the area.
COMs integrate CPU, memory, graphics, and BIOS, and common I/O interfaces.
COMSOL contains an App Builder which can be used to develop independent domain-specific apps with custom user-interface.
COMSOL Multiphysics is a cross-platform finite element analysis, solver and multiphysics simulation software.
COMSOL provides an IDE and unified workflow for electrical, mechanical, fluid, and chemical applications.
COMSOL Server is the software and engine for running simulation apps and the platform for controlling their deployment and distribution.
COMSOL was started in July 1986 by Svante Littmarck and Farhad Saeidi at the Royal Institute of Technology (KTH) in Stockholm, Sweden.
Com specializes in helping users with editing and sharing long-form video (videotapes) instead of short video clips.
COMSPEC or ComSpec is one of the environment variables used in DOS, OS/2 and Windows, which normally points to the command line interpreter, which is by default COMMAND.COM in DOS or CMD.EXE in OS/2 and Windows NT.
COMSTAC was established in 1984 and provides information, advice, and recommendations to the FAA administrator within the Department of Transportation (DOT) on issues regarding the U.S. commercial space transportation industry.
Comstock, a former aide to Wolf, succeeded him after the 2014 election.
Comstock Compass High School is an alternative high school in the Comstock Public School District in Kalamazoo, Michigan designed for non-traditional students who have struggled in traditional high school programs.
Comstock Corners, New York is a hamlet in the town of Cambria in Niagara County, New York, United States.
Comstock has a post office with ZIP code 54826.
Comstock High School is a secondary school within the Comstock Public School District located in Comstock Charter Township near the city of Kalamazoo, Michigan, United States.
Comstock High School primarily serves the western half of Comstock Township, as well as portions of Kalamazoo Township, Pavilion Township, City of Portage, and the City of Kalamazoo.
Comstock High School was named one of America's best high schools by US News and World Report in 2010.
Comstock Independent School District is a public school district based in the community of Comstock, Texas, United States.
Comstock is a city in Clay County, Minnesota, United States.
Comstock is a lunar impact crater that is located on the far side of the Moon.
Comstock is an unincorporated community in Benson County, North Dakota.
Comstock is an unincorporated community located in Barron County, Wisconsin, United States.
Comstock is a village in Custer County, Nebraska, United States.
Comstock is located on U.S. Route 63 southwest of Cumberland, in the town of Crystal Lake.
Comstock Public Schools also serves portions of Kalamazoo Township, Pavilion Township, City of Portage, Michigan, and the City of Kalamazoo, Michigan.
Comstock received a commission from the Postmaster General to serve as a special agent for the U.S. Postal Service.
Comstock Records is an independent American record label.
Comstock's silverspot (Speyeria callippe comstocki) is a silverspot butterfly ranging from northern California to Baja Mexico.
Comstock Township is a township in Marshall County, Minnesota, in the United States.
Comstock Township is one of thirty-one townships in Custer County, Nebraska, United States.
Com (stylized as www.thug.com) is the second studio album by rapper Trick Daddy, who previously released his debut album known at the time under the name as Trick Daddy Dollars and released after Based on a True Story.
COMSUBLANT also has additional duties as commander of NATO's Allied Submarine Command and also Commander, Naval Submarine Forces.
ComSubPac's mission is to provide the training, logistical plans, manpower and operational plans and support and tactical development necessary to maintain the ability of the Force to respond to both peacetime and wartime demands.
COMSUBRON 1 will support the unit and act as its host until she conducts a change of homeport to Guam.
Comsys Holdings Corporation is a Japanese Construction company.
Comtal is a commune in the Gers department in southwestern France.
Comtat (Spanish: Condado de Cocentaina) is a comarca in the province of Alicante, Valencian Community, Spain.
Comte argued that, much as the physical world operates according to gravity and other absolute laws, so does society, and further developed positivism into a Religion of Humanity.
Comte de Flandre/Graaf van Vlaanderen is a metro station on lines 1 and 5 of the Brussels Metro.
Comte de l'Empire, was a general of the French army during the French Revolutionary Wars and Napoleonic Wars.
Comte Isaac de Camondo (born 3 July 1851 in Constantinople; died 7 April 1911 in Paris) was a member of the House of Camondo noted primarily as an art collector with a noteworrthy interest in the then "avant-garde" artists of the Impressionist and Post-Impressionist movements.
COMTEL Project is a program of the Common Market for Eastern and Southern Africa (COMESA) aimed at creating a regional telecommunications infrastructure for the 21 member states via a fiber backbone.
COMTEQ Computer and Business College in Olongapo City is a non-stock, non-profit educational institution mainly focusing on IT studies and business-related learning that offers its services chiefly to students from the Olongapo, Zambales and Bataan areas.
Comtois horse is a draft horse that originated in the Jura Mountains on the border between France and Switzerland.
Com Tour money list and the non-exempt players ranked 126 to 200 on the PGA Tour's money list at the start of the Finals.
Com Tour money list and the players ranked 126 to 200 on the PGA Tour's FedEx Cup points list at the start of the Finals.
Com Tour money list and the players ranked 126 to 200 on the PGA Tour's money list at the start of the Finals.
Com to utilize applicable technology to book in real time without the need to wait for a confirmation.
COMTRADE (Common format for Transient Data Exchange for power systems) is a file format for storing oscillography and status data related to transient power system disturbances.
COMTRADE files are typically generated by Intelligent Electronic Devices (IEDs), such as an electronic protective relay, in electrical substations during power systems disturbances.
COMTRADE files from multiple substations can be used collectively to perform forensic analysis of large scale power disturbance events (e.g. blackouts) to determine the root cause of the disturbance, help improve system protection and guide future mitigation strategies.
Com Truise's songs are represented by Downtown Music Publishing.
Com Truise's synthesizer-heavy synthwave work, influenced by 1980s musical styles, was first offered on the Cyanide Sisters EP, which was initially a free download from the AMDISCS record label and was reissued digitally by Ghostly International.
Comturist started trading on the Bucharest Stock Exchange in 2004.
Comturist was the name of the hard currency luxury shops that existed in Communist Romania, managed by the Ministry of Tourism.
COMT was first discovered by the biochemist Julius Axelrod in 1957.
Comunanza is a comune (municipality) in Marche, Italy.
Comunardo Niccolai (born 15 December 1946 in Uzzano) is an Italian former footballer, who played as a defender.
Comunes is a non-profit organization with the stated aims of encouraging the Commons and facilitating the grassroots work through free/libre web tools.
Comunicaciones F.C. won their 10th title after finishing first in the Final round.
Comunicaciones F.C. won their second title by winning the final round.
Comunicar is a quarterly peer-reviewed open access academic journal covering research on education and communication.
Comunicazioni (Postal and Communications Police) is one of the units of the Polizia di Stato, the State Police of Italy.
Comunis is a European Union funded inter-municipal project in the Alpine region of Europe which aims to stimulate economic development and protect the environment of the area.
Comunisti col Rolex is a collaborative album by Italian hip hop artists J-Ax and Fedez, released in January 2017 by Sony Music Italy and Newtopia.
Comura is a trilobite in the order Phacopida that existed during the lower Devonian in what is now Eifel, Germany.
Comus (A Masque Presented at Ludlow Castle, 1634) is a masque in honor of chastity, written by John Milton.
Comus are a British progressive folk band who had a brief career in the early 1970s.
Comus is a commune in the Aude department in southern France.
Comus is a masque in three acts by English composer Thomas Arne.
COMUSMARCENT provides Marine Expeditionary Forces capable of conducting a wide range of operations, offering the command a responsive and unique set of capabilities.
Comus S.p.A. is an Italian musical instrument manufacturer, best known for manufacturing electronic and electric small home organs and chord organs, as well as musical toys.
Comus was organized by (largely Protestant) Anglo-Americans.
Comus was owned by the larger Bontempi musical instrument company, for whom they build chord organs.
Comus was printed anonymously in 1637, in a quarto issued by bookseller Humphrey Robinson; Milton included the work in his Poems of 1645 and 1673.
Comverge is a privately held company that provides software, hardware, and services to electric utilities implementing demand response and energy efficiency programs.
Comverse's success led to its inclusion in the NASDAQ 100 and S&P 500 indices.
Comverse Technology had several wholly or partly owned subsidiaries.
Comverse Technology, Inc., was a technology company located in Woodbury, New York in the United States, that developed and marketed telecommunications software.
Comviq (originally Comvik) is a Swedish prepaid mobile phone brand, fully owned by Tele2 and operating in Tele2s network.
Comviva has customers in over 90 countries, predominantly in Asia, Middle East, LATAM and Africa.
Com was an American post-punk band of the early 1980s, consisting of Perry Farrell (vocals), Aaron Sherer (drums and percussion), Vince Duran (guitar) and Kelly Wheeler (bass).
Com was not allowed to participate because their gambling sponsor conflicts with the law in France.
Comwave Networks Inc. is a Canadian company that markets telecommunication services.
Com, which resulted in his father moving him from his Christian high school and his outing to his parents.
Comworld Pictures was a movie distributor that existed from 1980 to 1986.
COMX-35 was a home computer that was one of the very few systems to use the RCA 1802 microprocessor, the same microprocessor that is also used in some space probes.
Com.x is a British comic publishing company.
Comyn Ching Triangle is a triangular city block at the Seven Dials junction in Covent Garden, London.
Comyn is an unincorporated community located in Comanche County in Central Texas.
Comyn is located in the east-northeastern part of the county along Farm-to-Market (FM) 1496 and the Fort Worth and Western Railroad.
Comyns' Digest was originally composed in law French, and the headings of the titles, still retaining this venerable jargon, may give the novice a little trouble in finding the desired object of pursuit.
Comyops is a genus of bristle flies in the family Tachinidae.
Comz is the 15th and final album by The Gap Band, released in 1999 on Eagle Records.
Conabeer Chrysler Building is a historic auto showroom located at Asheville, Buncombe County, North Carolina.
Conable is an American designer, entrepreneur and owner of William Henry brand.
Conacher also held the position of Chief Executive Officer of the Royal Agricultural Winter Fair.
Conacher and Co was a firm of British organ builders based in Huddersfield, West Yorkshire, England.
Conacher played on Canadian Olympic hockey team, then became a professional player in the National Hockey League with the Toronto Maple Leafs.
Conacher played with the Toronto Maple Leafs, Chicago Black Hawks, and New York Rangers.
Conacher recorded 85 goals and 117 assists for 202 points in 328 career NHL games.
Conacher's career was brief, totalling 6 games during the 1960 season.
Conacher started his National Hockey League career with the Detroit Red Wings.
Conacher was a member of the 1967 Stanley Cup championship team.
Conacher was married to Bonnie, who died November 2013.
Conacher was the first player in NHL history to complete the Hudson River triple, by serving as a member of the Rangers, Islanders and Devils franchises.
Conacher who was born in Edmonton, Alberta, started his National Hockey League (NHL) career with the New York Rangers in 1980.
Conacmella is a genus of minute, salt marsh snails with an operculum, aquatic gastropod mollusks, or micromollusks, in the family Assimineidae.
Conacmella vagans is a species of minute, salt marsh snails with an operculum, aquatic gastropod mollusks, or micromollusks, in the family Assimineidae.
Conaco also produced Eagleheart, a show starring Chris Elliott for TBS' sister network, Adult Swim.
Conaco, LLC is the television production firm owned by entertainer Conan O'Brien.
CONACO primarily drew its strength from the southern portions of the country and succeeded the Katanga-based CONAKAT party.
Conaco produces O'Brien's late night talk show on TBS.
Conactiodoria is a genus of bristle flies in the family Tachinidae.
CONAD controlled nuclear air defense weapons such as the 10 kiloton W-40 nuclear warhead on the CIM-10B BOMARC.
CONAFE's educational programs are designed to fit the needs, interests, practices, and overall context of students living in rural areas, in dispersed communities inhabited by migrant workers, peasant or indigenous populations.
Conagra Brands, Inc. is a North American packaged foods company headquartered in Chicago, Illinois.
Conagra makes and sells products under various brand names that are available in supermarkets, restaurants, and food service establishments.
ConAgra sells a broad array of dishes through its Healthy Choice brand, including frozen dinners, side dishes, cold cuts and other meats, canned soups, ice cream, bread, pasta sauce, and even popcorn.
ConAgra sold Eckrich to Smithfield Foods on October 2, 2006.
Conahan was convicted of one murder but has been linked to over a dozen murders, mostly of homosexual men in the Charlotte County, Florida area in what came to be known as the Hog Trail Murders.
Conahy won the 2008 Junior club All-Ireland in Croke Park defeating Moyle Rovers of Tipperary, Conahy Club member and President of the GAA Nickey Brennan presented the cup to his home club.
Conaille Muirthemne was a Cruithin kingdom located in what is now south-east Ulster and north Leinster, Ireland, from before 688 to after 1107, approximately.
Conaing O'Carrail was an Irish priest in the early eleventh century: the first recorded Archdeacon of Glendalough.
Conair Corporation is an American company which sells small appliances, personal care products, and health and beauty products for both professionals and consumers.
Conair currently employs over 250 staff and has a fleet of aircraft that are broken down into two categories; air attack (a.k.a. bird dog), and airtankers (a.k.a. waterbombers).
Conair Group Inc. of Abbotsford, British Columbia, Canada, formerly known as Conair Aviation Ltd., is a company specializing in retrofitting firefighting aircraft, maintaining customer and company-owned aircraft and aerial firefighting.
Con Air is a 1997 American action film directed by Simon West, written by Scott Rosenberg, and produced by Jerry Bruckheimer.
Conair specializes in fire management support by providing services and products to forest protection agencies around the world.
Cona is a quarter of Teramo, central Italy.
Cona is a town and comune in the Metropolitan City of Venice, Veneto, northern Italy.
Conakrya is a genus of spiders in the Pisauridae family.
Conal Bonnar (born 1969) is an Irish retired hurler.
Conalcaea cantralli is a species of spur-throated grasshopper in the family Acrididae.
Conalcaea huachucana, the huachuca grasshopper, is a species of spur-throated grasshopper in the family Acrididae.
Conalcaea is a genus of spur-throated grasshoppers in the family Acrididae.
CONALCAM mobilizes its member organizations in support of the "process of change" which includes the drafting and implementing of a new Constitution as well as a variety of social reforms.
Conal Coad is an Australian opera singer known for his dramatic interpretations of the bass repertoire.
Conal competed in the 200m and 400m for class T13 athletes in the 2004 Summer Paralympics winning the silver in the longer sprint.
Conal Dunne is a Gaelic footballer.
Conalia baudii is a beetle in the Conalia genus, which is in the Mordellidae family.
Conalia melanops is a beetle in the Conalia genus, which is in the Mordellidae family.
Conaliamorpha lutea is a species of beetles in the family Mordellidae, the only species in the genus Conaliamorpha.
Conal James Platt (born 14 October 1986) is a semi-professional footballer who plays as a forward.
Conal Keaney (born 24 September 1982) is an Irish footballer and hurler who plays for Dublin and Ballyboden St. Enda's.
Conall Cernach (modern spelling: Conall Cearnach) is a hero of the Ulaid in the Ulster Cycle of Irish mythology.
Conall Cra Bhuidhe or Conall Yellowclaw is a Scottish fairy tale collected by John Francis Campbell in Popular Tales of the West Highlands, listing his informant as James Wilson, blind fiddler in Islay.
Con Alma is an album by pianist Ray Bryant released on Columbia Records in 1961.
Con Alma! is the second album led by saxophonist Charles McPherson recorded in 1965 and released on the Prestige label.
Conal McNamara is a paralympic athlete from Ireland competing mainly in category T13 sprint events.
Conal O'Brien (born July 18, 1956) is an American television soap opera director.
Conal (or Conall) was an Irish bishop who flourished in the second half of the fifth century and ruled over the church of Drum, County Roscommon, the place being subsequently named Drumconnell, after St. Conal.
Conal P. Groom (born May 16, 1973) was, in September 2010, the head coach at Seattle Rowing Center, a rowing club devoted to youth through elite development on Lake Washington's Ship Canal in Seattle, Washington.
Con also fronted a campaign urging Australians to eat more fruit in 2010.
Conal's posters have been prominently displayed in several major motion pictures, including, Sneakers, Falling Down, The Insider, Dead Presidents, Contagion, and The Sessions.
Conamus was founded in 1962 by John de Mol Sr.
Conan (also known as Conan: The Mysteries of Time) is a side-scrolling action video game for the Nintendo Entertainment System released in 1991.
Conan and the Amazon is a fantasy novel by American writer John Maddox Roberts, featuring Robert E. Howard's sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian.
Conan and the Death Lord of Thanza is a fantasy novel by American writer Roland Green, featuring Robert E. Howard's sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian.
Conan and the Emerald Lotus is a fantasy novel by American writer John C. Hocking, featuring Robert E. Howard's sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian.
Conan and the Gods of the Mountain is a fantasy novel by American writer Roland Green, featuring Robert E. Howard's sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian.
Conan and the Grim Gray God is a fantasy novel written by Sean A. Moore featuring Robert E. Howard's seminal sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian.
Conan and the Manhunters is a fantasy novel by American writer John Maddox Roberts, featuring Robert E. Howard's sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian.
Conan and the Mists of Doom is a fantasy novel written by Roland Green featuring Robert E. Howard's sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian.
Conan and the Shaman's Curse is a fantasy novel by American writer Sean A. Moore, featuring Robert E. Howard's sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian.
Conan and the Sorcerer is a fantasy novel written by Andrew J. Offutt and illustrated by Esteban Maroto.
Conan and the Treasure of Python is a fantasy novel by American writer John Maddox Roberts, featuring Robert E. Howard's sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian.
Conan and the Young Warriors is a 1994 television cartoon series produced by Sunbow Entertainment and aired by CBS aired as a sequel to the animated series Conan the Adventurer, but featuring a different set of characters (besides Conan).
Conan are a British doom metal band from Liverpool, England whose style is characterized by a heavily distorted and downtuned sound.
Conan at the Demon's Gate is a fantasy novel by American writer Roland Green, featuring Robert E. Howard's sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian.
Conan Byrne (born 10 July 1985 in Dublin), is an Irish footballer who plays as a winger for Airtricity League club St Patrick's Athletic.
Conan Christopher O'Brien (born April 18, 1963) is an American television host, comedian, writer, and producer.
Conan Chronicles is a 1989 omnibus collection of three fantasy collections by American writers Robert E. Howard, L. Sprague de Camp and Lin Carter, featuring Howard's seminal sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian, published by Sphere Books.
Conand is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France.
Conan Doyle had himself been brought up as a Catholic and it is likely that Micah expresses Doyle's own thoughts on the subject.
Conan Doyle hoped that this would be his most successful novel to date, but the novel was widely panned for being banal and inane.
Conan Doyle later ranked "The Final Problem" fourth on his personal list of the twelve best Holmes stories.
Conan Doyle later ranked the story seventh in a list of his twelve favorite Sherlock Holmes stories.
Conan Doyle's story was published anonymously in the January 1884 issue of the respected Cornhill Magazine.
Conan Doyle was one of several authors commissioned to provide books for the library of Queen Mary's Dolls' House; others included J. M. Barrie, Thomas Hardy, Rudyard Kipling and W. Somerset Maugham.
Conan Doyle was provided with a book approximately into which he wrote the 503-word story of How Watson Learned the Trick by hand, taking up 34 pages.
Conan Doyle, who was an active MCC member, published his first Sherlock Holmes story two years later.
Conandron is a genus that consists of 3 species of small ornamental alpine perennials, native to Japan and Taiwan.
Conan Exiles is a survival video game developed and published by Funcom for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 4, and Xbox One.
Conan hosted Talk of the Nation from 2001 to June 27, 2013, when the program was discontinued.
Conanicut Island Light (also known as Conanicut Island Lighthouse), built in 1886, is an inactive lighthouse in Jamestown, Rhode Island.
Con Anima is a chamber choir based in Aberdeen, conducted by Professor Paul Mealor.
Conan is a 1967 collection of seven fantasy short stories and associated pieces written by Robert E. Howard, L. Sprague de Camp and Lin Carter featuring Howard's seminal sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian.
Conan is a 2004 action-adventure role-playing video game based on the literary character Conan the Barbarian created by Robert E. Howard.
Conan is a commune in the Loir-et-Cher department of central France.
Conan is a current television program on TBS hosted by Conan O'Brien.
Conan is a fictional character based on Robert E. Howard's Conan the Barbarian.
Conan is a talk/variety show starring Conan O'Brien and sidekick Andy Richter.
Conan, Lord of the Black River is a fantasy novel by American writer Leonard Carpenter, featuring Robert E. Howard's sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian.
Conan Meriadoc, the king's nephew, did not approve and nearly attacked Maximus when he landed near Southampton.
Conan, My Beautician is a 2016 Philippine television situational comedy series broadcast by GMA Network.
Conan O'Brien appeared as himself in this episode.
Conan O'Brien Can't Stop is a 2011 documentary film by Rodman Flender featuring Conan O'Brien and focusing on his comedy tour, The Legally Prohibited from Being Funny on Television Tour, which took place in 2010 following his departure from The Tonight Show with Conan O'Brien due to a scheduling dispute.
Conan of Aquilonia is a collection of four linked fantasy short stories by American writers L. Sprague de Camp and Lin Carter featuring Robert E. Howard's sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian.
Conan of Cimmeria is a collection of eight fantasy short stories written by Robert E. Howard, L. Sprague de Camp and Lin Carter featuring Howard's sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian.
Conan of the Isles is a fantasy novel by American writers L. Sprague de Camp and Lin Carter, featuring Robert E. Howard's sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian.
Conan of the Red Brotherhood is a fantasy novel by American writer Leonard Carpenter featuring Robert E. Howard's sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian.
Conan of Venarium is a fantasy novel by American writer Harry Turtledove, edited by Teresa Nielsen Hayden, featuring Robert E. Howard's sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian.
CONANP defines Natural Monuments as areas that contain one or more natural elements, that have a unique character, esthetic, historic, or scientific value, that require absolute protection.
Conan raised the siege and began marching his troops back in the direction of Rennes to face Fulk.
Conan regularly destroys black wizards through brute force and determined frontal attack - in fact, one of his favorite sayings is "A stout blade is a hearty incantation".
Conan repeated.
Conan, Scourge of the Bloody Coast is a fantasy novel by American writer Leonard Carpenter featuring Robert E. Howard's sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian.
Conan Stevens portrayed the character in the 2005 film Man-Thing.
Conant Gardens is a neighborhood in northeast Detroit, Michigan.
Conanthalictus bakeri is a species of sweat bee in the family Halictidae.
Conanthalictus is a genus of sweat bees in the family Halictidae.
Conanthalictus macrops is a species of sweat bee in the family Halictidae.
Conant Hall is one of several graduate student residence halls at Harvard University.
Conan the Adventurer is a 1966 collection of four fantasy short stories by American writers Robert E. Howard and L. Sprague de Camp, featuring Howard's sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian.
Conan the Barbarian (also known as Conan the Cimmerian) is a fictional sword and sorcery hero who originated in pulp-fiction magazines and has since been adapted to books, comics, several films (including Conan the Barbarian and Conan the Destroyer), television programs (cartoon and live-action), video games, role-playing games, and other media.
Conan the Barbarian by Robert E. Howard was first adapted into comics in 1952 in Mexico.
Conan the Barbarian is a 1982 fantasy novel written by L. Sprague de Camp, Lin Carter and Catherine Crook de Camp featuring Robert E. Howard's seminal sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian, a novelization of the feature film of the same name.
Conan the Barbarian is a 2011 American sword and sorcery film based on the character of the same name created by Robert E. Howard.
Conan the Barbarian is a collection of five fantasy short stories by American writer Robert E. Howard, featuring his sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian, first published in hardcover by Gnome Press in 1955.
Conan the Barbarian is a collection of six fantasy short stories written by Robert E. Howard featuring his seminal sword and sorcery hero of the same name, first published in paperback by Del Rey/Ballantine Books in July 2011 as a tie-in with the movie of the same title.
Conan the Barbarian is a fantasy novel written by Michael A. Stackpole featuring Robert E. Howard's seminal sword and sorcery hero of the same name, a novelization of the feature film of the same title.
Conan the Barbarian is returning to Marvel Comics sometime in 2019.
Conan the Barbarian was a comics title starring the sword-and-sorcery character created by Robert E. Howard, published by the American company Marvel Comics.
Conan the Barbarian will be returning to Marvel Comics sometime in 2019.
Conan the Bold is a fantasy novel by American writer John Maddox Roberts, featuring Robert E. Howard's sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian.
Conan the Buccaneer is a 1971 fantasy novel by American writers L. Sprague de Camp and Lin Carter featuring Robert E. Howard's sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian.
Conan the Champion is a fantasy novel by American writer John Maddox Roberts, featuring Robert E. Howard's sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian.
Conan the Defender is a fantasy novel by American writer Robert Jordan, featuring Robert E. Howard's sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian.
Conan the Destroyer is a 1984 American sword and sorcery/adventure film directed by Richard Fleischer, starring Arnold Schwarzenegger and Mako Iwamatsu reprising their roles as Conan and Akiro the wizard, respectively.
Conan the Destroyer is a fantasy novel written by Robert Jordan featuring Robert E. Howard's seminal sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian, a novelization of the feature film of the same name.
Conan the Formidable is a fantasy novel by American writer Steve Perry, featuring Robert E. Howard's sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian.
Conan the Freebooter is a 1968 collection of five fantasy short stories by American writers Robert E. Howard and L. Sprague de Camp, featuring Howard's sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian.
Conan the Free Lance is a fantasy novel by American writer Steve Perry, featuring Robert E. Howard's sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian.
Conan the Gladiator is a fantasy novel by American writer Leonard Carpenter, featuring Robert E. Howard's sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian.
Conan the Great is a fantasy novel by American writer Leonard Carpenter, featuring Robert E. Howard's sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian.
Conan the Guardian is a fantasy novel by American writer Roland Green, featuring Robert E. Howard's sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian.
Conan the Hunter is a fantasy novel by American writer Sean A. Moore, featuring Robert E. Howard's sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian.
Conan the Indomitable is a fantasy novel by American writer Steve Perry, featuring Robert E. Howard's sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian.
Conan the Liberator is a fantasy novel by American writers L. Sprague de Camp and Lin Carter, featuring Robert E. Howard's sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian.
Conan the Librarian is a common and perennial parody of Robert E. Howard's Conan the Barbarian that has become a literary trope, and has appeared in various media, including film, radio, television, comics, and fan fiction.
Conan the Magnificent is a fantasy novel by American writer Robert Jordan, featuring Robert E. Howard's sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian.
Conan the Marauder is a fantasy novel by American writer John Maddox Roberts, featuring Robert E. Howard's sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian.
Conan the Mercenary is a fantasy novel written by American writer Andrew J. Offutt and illustrated by Esteban Maroto featuring Robert E. Howard's sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian, the second volume in a trilogy beginning with Conan and the Sorcerer and concluding with The Sword of Skelos.
Conan the Raider is a fantasy novel by American writer Leonard Carpenter, featuring Robert E. Howard's sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian.
Conan the Rebel is a fantasy novel written by Poul Anderson featuring Robert E. Howard's sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian.
Conan the Rogue is a fantasy novel written by John Maddox Roberts featuring Robert E. Howard's sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian.
Conan the Savage is a fantasy novel by American writer Leonard Carpenter featuring Robert E. Howard's sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian.
Conan, the sword-and-sorcery character created by Robert E. Howard, is the protagonist of seven major comic series published by Dark Horse Comics.
Conan the Triumphant is a fantasy novel by American writer Robert Jordan, featuring Robert E. Howard's sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian.
Conan the Unconquered is a fantasy novel written by Robert Jordan featuring Robert E. Howard's seminal sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian.
Conan the Usurper is a 1967 collection of four fantasy short stories by American writer Robert E. Howard and L. Sprague de Camp, featuring Howard's sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian.
Conan the Valiant is a fantasy novel written by Roland Green featuring Robert E. Howard's sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian.
Conan the Valorous is a fantasy novel by American writer John Maddox Roberts, featuring Robert E. Howard's sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian.
Conan the Wanderer is a 1968 collection of four fantasy short stories by American writers Robert E. Howard, L. Sprague de Camp and Lin Carter, featuring Howard's sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian.
Conan the Warlord is a fantasy novel by American writer Leonard Carpenter, featuring Robert E. Howard's sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian.
Conan the Warrior is a 1967 collection of three fantasy short stories by American writer Robert E. Howard, featuring his sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian.
Conant is also the former president of Shimer College and Unity College.
Conant is an unincorporated community in Allen County, in the U.S. state of Ohio.
Conant is credited with bringing the sport of ice hockey to Pittsburgh, since the indoor ice rinks lured many Canadian players to the city.
ConantLeadership is a for-profit organization about leadership services, based in Philadelphia.
Conantokin-P is a toxin derived from the venom of Conus purpurascens.
Conantokins act as potent and specific antagonists of the N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor (NMDAR).
Conantokins are a small family of helical peptides that are derived from the venom of predatory marine snails of the genus Conus.
Conant's garter snake (Thamnophis conanti ) is a species of snake in the family Colubridae.
Conant's salamander (Bolitoglossa conanti) is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.
Conant will be appearing in the NICU'S SPOON production of Elizabeth Rex in April 2008 in New York City.
Conan Whitehead (born February 18, 1986) is an English darts player who currently plays within the British Darts Organization.
Conard is a visiting scholar at the American Enterprise Institute for Public Policy Research.
Conard is one of two West Hartford public high schools, the other being Hall High School.
Conard Logan "Con" Hunley (born April 9, 1945) is a country music singer.
Conard was then elected mayor with a majority of the votes.
Conaree Football Club is a Saint Kitts and Nevis football club based in the Upper Conaree neighborhood of Saint Peter Basseterre Parish.
Conargo Shire was a local government area in the Riverina region in southern New South Wales, Australia.
Con artist Rosalyn Willoughby (Going) in Hollywood and puppeteer Fletcher McBracken (Fraser) in San Antonio have the same dream, which links them to each other.
Con artists in this type of scam call themselves "speakerguys" or "speakermen", and usually claim to be working for a speaker delivery or installation company.
Con artists Terrence Chesterton and Charlotte Stone arrived the following month, along with Mary Casey.
Conar was able to enter the market with a complete series of radio-TV test-equipment kits of proven design developed by NRI's technical staff.
Conary also features rollbacks of package installation as well as derived packages.
Conary is a free software package management system created by rPath (now SAS) and distributed under the terms of the Apache License Version 2.0.
Conary updates only those specific files in packages which need to be updated; this behavior minimizes bandwidth and time requirements for updating software packages.
Conasauga is an extinct town in Gilmer County, in the U.S. state of Georgia.
Conasauga was built in 1932 as New York Socony by Bethlehem Shipbuilding Corp., Sparrows Point, Maryland; acquired by the Navy 23 March 1943, and commissioned 19 April 1943, Lieutenant R. T. Traut, USNR, in command.
Conashaugh, Pennsylvania is a ghost town in Delaware Township, Pike County, Pennsylvania between Dingmans Ferry, Pennsylvania, Milford, Pennsylvania and Birchwood Lakes, Pennsylvania.
Conason was formerly the executive editor of the New York Observer, where he wrote a popular political column for almost 20 years.
Conasprella aculeiformis, common name the spindle cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.
Conasprella ageri is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.
Conasprella albobrunnea is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Conidae, the cone snails, cone shells or cones.
Conasprella alexandremonteiroi is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Conidae, the cone snails, cone shells or cones.
Conasprella alisi is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.
Conasprella allamandi is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails, cone shells or cones.
Conasprella anaglyptica is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.
Conasprella aphrodite is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.
Conasprella arawak is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Conidae, the cone snails, cone shells or cones.
Conasprella arcuata, common name the arched cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.
Conasprella armiger is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.
Conasprella articulata, common name the Nada cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.
Conasprella baccata is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.
Conasprella baileyi is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.
Conasprella bajanensis is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.
Conasprella berschaueri is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Conidae, the cone snails, cone shells or cones.
Conasprella bianchii is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Conidae, the cone snails, cone shells or cones.
Conasprella biraghii is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.
Conasprella boholensis is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.
Conasprella booti is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Conidae, the cone snails, cone shells or cones.
Conasprella boucheti is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.
Conasprella bozzettii is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.
Conasprella carvalhoi is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Conidae, the cone snails, cone shells or cones.
Conasprella centurio is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.
Conasprella cercadensis is an extinct species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails, cone shells or cones.
Conasprella chaac is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Conidae, the cone snails, cone shells or cones.
Conasprella chinchorroensis is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Conidae, the cone snails, cone shells or cones.
Conasprella comatosa, common name comatose cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.
Conasprella coriolisi is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.
Conasprella coromandelicus is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.
Conasprella crabosi is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Conidae, the cone snails, cone shells or cones.
Conasprella damasoi is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.
Conasprella damasomonteiroi is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Conidae, the cone snails, cone shells or cones.
Conasprella delessertii, common name Sozon's cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.
Conasprella dictator is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.
Conasprella dieteri is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.
Conasprella edpetuchi also known as Conasprella (Dalliconus) edpetuchi, and originally described as Dalliconus edpetuchi, is a species of predatory sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.
Conasprella elegans is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.
Conasprella elokismenos is a species of sea snail, a marinegastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.
Conasprella emarginata is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.
Conasprella ericmonnieri is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Conidae, the cone snails, cone shells or cones.
Conasprella eucoronata is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.
Conasprella eugrammata, common name the eugrammatus cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.
Conasprella fenzani is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.
Conasprella ferreirai is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Conidae, the cone snails, cone shells or cones.
Conasprella fijiensis is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.
Conasprella fluviamaris is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.
Conasprella gordyi is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.
Conasprella grohi is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.
Conasprella gubernatrix is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Conidae, the cone snails, cone shells or cones.
Conasprella guidopoppei is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.
Conasprella guyanensis is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.
Conasprella henckesi is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.
Conasprella henriquei is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.
Conasprella herndli is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Conidae, the cone snails, cone shells or cones.
Conasprella hopwoodi is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.
Conasprella howelli is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.
Conasprella hypochlorus, common name the hypo cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.
Conasprella iansa is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.
Conasprella icapui is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Conidae, the cone snails, cone shells or cones.
Conasprella ichinoseana is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.
Conasprella insculpta, common name the engraved cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.
Conasprella ione, common name the ione cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.
Conasprella itapua is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Conidae, the cone snails, cone shells or cones.
Conasprella ixchel is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Conidae, the cone snails, cone shells or cones.
Conasprella janapatriceae is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Conidae, the cone snails, cone shells or cones.
Conasprella janowskyae is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.
Conasprella jaspidea, common name the Jasper cone, is a species of sea snail, a small cone snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.
Conasprella jaspidea pealii is a subspecies of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.
Conasprella joanae is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Conidae, the cone snails, cone shells or cones.
Conasprella joliveti is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.
Conasprella josei is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Conidae, the cone snails, cone shells or cones.
Conasprella kellyae is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Conidae, the cone snails, cone shells or cones.
Conasprella keppensi is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Conidae, the cone snails, cone shells or cones.
Conasprella kimioi is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.
Conasprella kitteredgei is a species of fossil sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails, cone shells or cones.
Conasprella kohni is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, known as the cone snails, cone shells or cones.
Conasprella lemuriana is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Conidae, the cone snails, cone shells or cones.
Conasprella lenhilli, common name the brown-flamed cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.
Conasprella lentiginosa is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.
Conasprella levenensis is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Conidae, the cone snails, cone shells or cones.
Conasprella lindapowersae is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Conidae, the cone snails, cone shells or cones.
Conasprella lizarum is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.
Conasprella longurionis is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.
Conasprella lorenzi is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.
Conasprella lucida is a species of predatory sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails, cone shells or cones.
Conasprella lusca is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Conidae, the cone snails, cone shells or cones.
Conasprella mahogani is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.
Conasprella marinae is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Conidae, the cone snails, cone shells or cones.
Conasprella mazei, common name Maze's cone, is a species of predatory sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails, cone shells or cones.
Conasprella mcgintyi is a species of predatory sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails, cone shells or cones.
Conasprella memiae, common name Memi's cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.
Conasprella mindana is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.
Conasprella ogum is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Conidae, the cone snails, cone shells or cones.
Conasprella otohimeae, common name Otohime's cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.
Conasprella pacei is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.
Conasprella pagoda, common name the pagoda cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.
Conasprella pepeiu is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.
Conasprella perplexa is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.
Conasprella pfluegeri is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.
Conasprella pomponeti is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Conidae, the cone snails, cone shells or cones.
Conasprella poremskii is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Conidae, the cone snails, cone shells or cones.
Conasprella pseudokimioi is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.
Conasprella pseudorbignyi is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.
Conasprella rachelae is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.
Conasprella rainesae, common name Maze's cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.
Conasprella raoulensis is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.
Conasprella roatanensis is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.
Conasprella roberti is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.
Conasprella rutila, common name the burnished cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.
Conasprella saecularis is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.
Conasprella sagei is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.
Conasprella sargenti is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails, cone shells or cones.
Conasprella sauros is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.
Conasprella scaripha is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.
Conasprella sieboldii, common name Siebold's cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.
Conasprella simonei is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails, cone shells or cones.
Conasprella somalica is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.
Conasprella spirofilis is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.
Conasprella stearnsii, common name Stearn's cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.
Conasprella stenostoma is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails, cone shells or cones.
Conasprella stocki is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.
Conasprella subturrita is an extinct species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails, cone shells or cones.
Conasprella tayrona is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Conidae, the cone snails, cone shells or cones.
Conasprella tiki is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.
Conasprella tornata, common name the grooved cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.
Conasprella traceyi is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.
Conasprella traversiana is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.
Conasprella vanhyningi is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.
Conasprella vantwoudti is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Conidae, the cone snails, cone shells or cones.
Conasprella viminea, common name the wickerwork cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.
Conasprella wakayamaensis is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.
Conasprella wendrosi is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.
Conasprella ximenes is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.
Conasprelloides is a subgenus of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.
Conassiminea is a genus of minute operculate snails, marine gastropod mollusks or micromollusks in the family Assimineidae.
Conassiminea studderti is a species of minute operculate snail, a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Assimineidae.
Conassiminea zheni is a species of minute operculate snail, a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Assimineidae.
Conatrullus is a genus of cricket in family Gryllidae.
Conatumumab mimics the activity of native TRAIL, binding to and activating TR-2, thereby activating caspase cascades and inducing tumor cell apoptosis.
Conatus is the third studio album by American recording artist Zola Jesus, released in the United Kingdom on September 26, 2011 and in the United States on October 4 by Sacred Bones Records.
Conatus Pharmaceuticals licensed emricasan to Novartis in 2017 for exclusive development and commercialization.
Conaty is a published author and former business executive.
Conaty's first job as a reporter was for WTVT-TV in Tampa, Florida, and he subsequently worked at WNET/NJP-TV in New Jersey as a weekend anchor, and at WJLA-TV (the local ABC affiliate in the Washington, D.C. market) as a national correspondent.
"Con" Augustus Byrne was a New Zealand rugby footballer who was part of the professional 1907-1908 New Zealand rugby tour of Great Britain.
Conaway is a member of the House Judiciary Committee and the Legislative Black Caucus of Maryland.
Conaway is an unincorporated community in Tyler County, West Virginia, United States along Elk Fork.
Conaway is married to Mark Murphy.
Conaway played early in his career with Duke Ellington in his hometown of Washington, D.C., then relocated to Chicago, where he joined the band of Carroll Dickerson.
Conaway was asked to lead the investigation into Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections (with assistance from Trey Gowdy and Tom Rooney) after the Intelligence Committee chair, Devin Nunes, recused himself.
Conaway was born in Lubbock, Texas.
Conax develops television encryption, conditional access and content security for digital television.
Conax provide CAS technology to pay TV operators in 85 countries.
Conax stems from Telenor Research Labs in the 1980s.
Conayca District is one of nineteen districts of the province Huancavelica in Peru.
Conbeer earned his first call-up to the Wales U20s squad for the 2017 U20 Six Nations.
Conbeer made his debut for the Scarlets in 2016 in a 44-21 victory against Bath.
Conbeer's debut came in a victory to Italy U20, a game in which Conbeer scored a try.
Conbhobhar Ua Flaithbertaigh (died 1132) was King of Iar Connacht.
"Con" Blatsis (born 6 July 1977) is a former Australian international association football player.
Conboy (born 1938) is a former United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York and retired attorney in private practice.
ConBravo! is an annual fan-run anime, gaming, and new media convention held during July in Ontario, Canada since 2010.
Con Brio, Inc. (alternatively spelled Conbrio or ConBrio) was a short-lived but influential synthesizer manufacturing company which, from 1978 to 1982, produced its most famous (and only) product, the ADS (an acronym for Advanced Digital Synthesizer).
CONCACAF Boys' Under-15 Championship is a CONCACAF football competition.
CONCACAF Girls' Under-15 Championship is a CONCACAF football competition.
CONCACAF invites national football associations to select their best club teams to represent the country at a continental level.
CONCACAF is the football confederation that oversees the sport in North America, Central America and the Caribbean, including the South American countries of Guyana, Suriname and French Guiana.
CONCACAF's championship is an eight-team event with the three nations from North America, joined by three from the Caribbean and two from Central America.
CONCACAF (the Confederation of North, Central American and Caribbean Association Football) is the governing body for football for North America, Central America and the Caribbean.
CONCACAF.tv is a free, live streaming football site owned by CONCACAF and broadcasts tournaments such as the CONCACAF Gold Cup, CONCACAF Champions League, CONCACAF Women's U-20 Championship, and many more tournaments.
CONCACAF Women's Championship Qualification was a series of women's association football tournaments that determined the participants for the 2014 CONCACAF Women's Championship.
CONCACAF Women's Gold Cup was the second staging of the CONCACAF Women's Gold Cup.
Conca dei Marini (Campanian: Conga r"e Marine) is a town and comune in the province of Salerno in the Campania region of south-western Italy.
Conca is a commune in the Corse-du-Sud department of France on the island of Corsica.
CONCANACO is Mexico's Confederation of the National Chambers of Commerce.
CONCANACO's current president is Enrique Solana, appointed on 28 March 2014.
Concana is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
Concana mundissima is a species of nolid moth in the family Nolidae.
Concan is a small unincorporated community in Uvalde County in the southwestern portion of the Hill Country of Texas.
Concannon is owned by The Wine Group.
Concannon Vineyard is the second-largest winery in the Livermore Valley of California, producing around 30,000 cases annually.
Concannon was founded in 1883 by James Concannon of Inishmore, County Galway.
ConCarolinas is a three-day-long science fiction convention held once each year in Charlotte, North Carolina, hosted by ConCarolinas, Inc., a non-profit corporation.
Concatemers are frequently the result of rolling circle replication, and may be seen in the late stage of bacterial infection by phages.
Concatenative programming replaces function application, which is common in other programming styles, with function composition as the default way to build subroutines.
Concatenative synthesis is a technique for synthesizing sounds by concatenating short samples of recorded sound (called units).
Concave angles have slightly concave sides and open to the medial (inner) area of the tusk.
Concave polyhedra of a particular kind which alternate convex and concave or saddle vertices in a repetitive way.
Concavibalcis is a genus of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Eulimidae.
Concavibalcis scalaris is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae.
Concavocephalus is a genus of spiders in the Linyphiidae family.
Concavus is a genus of barnacles.
Concealed Enemies is a 1984 American PBS docudrama, produced by WGBH-TV in Boston, about the events leading to the arrest, conviction and imprisonment of former U.S. State Department official Alger Hiss.
Concealed is the full-length debut album by the Canadian technical death metal band Augury.
Concealed ovulation or hidden estrus in a species is the lack of any perceptible change in an adult female (for instance, a change in appearance or scent) when she is fertile and near ovulation.
Concealed within it is "The Priory Oyster" - an oyster bar attached to the Priory Bay Hotel and open only in the height of summer.
Concealer can be used alone or with foundation.
Concealer is available in a variety of shades.
Concealers are further divided into three types; namely: Feeling-swallowers who swallow their feelings.
Concealers with yellow undertones are used to hide dark circles.
Concealing a Burglar is a 1908 American silent short drama film directed by D. W. Griffith.
Concealing Fate is split into 6 parts: Acceptance, Deception, The Impossible, Perfection, Epiphany, and Origin.
Conceit is a 1921 American silent drama film produced and released by Selznick Pictures Corporation.
Conceivably they could be saved to any computer or electronic device or even viewed on a television set, and digital video E-cards have begun emerging.
ConceiveAbilities is a Chicago-based egg donation and gestational surrogacy agency founded in 1996 by Nazca Fontes.
ConceiveAbilities is an agency that facilitates the process of surrogacy for families that wish to have children but have difficulty doing so due to infertility or natural obstacles (in the case of same-sex couples).
Conceived after an altercation with her former lover, the song was co-written by Adele and singer-songwriter Ryan Tedder, whilst the production was completed by Jim Abbiss.
Conceived along the lines of such pioneering sex businesses as Babeland and Good Vibrations, Venus Envy was the second Canadian business to offer woman-friendly surroundings and service distinct from traditional sex stores (other, similar stores include Womyns'Ware in Vancouver, which opened in 1995, and Come As You Are, which opened in 1997, and Good For Her in Toronto).
Conceived amid the recording of Louisan's follow-up to her 2014 album Zu viel Information, conception of the album was motivated by her appearance on the reality television series Sing meinen Song (2016), the German version of The Best Singers series, for which Louisan had reworked several original songs.
Conceived and co-designed by Nick Bruty, MDK was Shiny's first PC game, and was notable for using software rendering, requiring a Pentium or equivalent microprocessor, rather than necessitating any GPU enhancements, despite its large 3D levels and complex polygon-based enemies.
Conceived and designed as possibly the most advanced wooden naval ship built, she was obsolete by the time she was delivered.
Conceived and developed by Jingo Communications in 1998, Wapworld provided a mobile gateway for open internet access and the first mobile content to users with WAP-enabled handsets in the UK.
Conceived and directed by Leon Major at the University of Maryland Opera Studio, it premiered on 17 April 2010 at the University's Clarice Smith Performing Arts Center.
Conceived and directed Dave Palmer, and produced by Steve Taylor, the recording includes a number of CCM artists' musical interpretations of Briner's message about the need to have a positive impact on their culture.
Conceived and financed by Thomas Read Kemp, it has given its name to the larger Kemptown region of Brighton.
Conceived and subsidized by San Francisco venture capitalist Warren Hellman, the festival has been held every year since the first event in 2001.
Conceived and written while Carmody was living in Prague, it was published by Viking books in 2002, and Penguin in 2003.
Conceived anew by the architectural firm Allen+Philp, a seven-story tower with guest rooms and condominiums was built above the lobby, in the spirit of Varney's proposal.
Conceived around 1848, the work was not finished until 1874, less than two years before the entire cycle was given its premiere at Bayreuth.
Conceived as a companion piece to Brahms's Horn Trio Op.
Conceived as a concept album, each song depicts an episode in the life of biker Harold Pig as told by Harold's friends at his wake.
Conceived as a fly on the wall documentary, it became a collection of live performances, videos and festival footage, and band interviews.
Conceived as a follow-up project to the under-construction Metro Tunnel, MM2 would link the Werribee and South Morang suburban rail lines and include stations in the Fishermans Bend development precinct, at Southern Cross and at Parkville, allowing passengers to connect with Metro Tunnel and City Loop lines.
Conceived as a "fun horror film" with a simple premise, Terror was shot in various locations in London and Surrey.
Conceived as a high-quality environmentally friendly operation and funded by Nexus, it was launched in 2005.
Conceived as a large recreational lake (it was a 70-acre natural lake prior to impoundment), Kent Lake was dammed in 1946 by the Huron-Clinton Metropolitan Authority.
Conceived as a local arm of the Carlsberg Group's Tuborg GreenFest summer concert series across Eastern Europe, Serbian Green Fest is organized by the same group of individuals who are behind EXIT.
Conceived as a low-cost alternative to BlackBerry or iPhone devices, RemoSync is currently available on the Verizon wireless network.
Conceived as a major European business district in the 1980s, it is strategically located at the intersection of the high-speed railway lines linking Paris, Brussels, and London, and incorporates the Gare de Lille Europe and Gare de Lille Flandres railway stations.
Conceived as a means to appease fan-club members whose letters, due to their sheer volume, were not always being answered in a timely manner, the records included the Beatles' messages of thanks to "loyal Beatle people", along with skits, Christmas carols, and original compositions.
Conceived as a moderate-performance two-seater by Hugh Ferry, president of Packard, it was built by Henney, which was responsible for fitting custom hearse and ambulance bodies on Packard chassis.
Conceived as an affordable high definition format for digital camcorders, HDV quickly caught on with many amateur and professional videographers due to its low cost, portability, and image quality acceptable for many professional productions.
Conceived as an anthology, each season will be engineered as a disparate, self-contained narrative, employing new cast ensembles and following various sets of characters and settings.
Conceived as an "assault" glider which necessitated a compact design and no more than eight troops carried, tactical philosophy soon favored larger numbers of troops being sent into battle aboard gliders.
Conceived as an ergonomic assessment and virtual human prototyping system for NASA space shuttle development, it soon gathered funding from the U.S. Navy and U.S. Army for dismounted soldier simulation, from the U.S. Air Force for maintenance simulation, and from various other government and corporate users for their own applications.
Conceived as a place for cultural, intellectual and recreational functions alike, Hart House's facilities include a gymnasium, swimming pool, shooting range (presently used only for archery), theater, art gallery, reading and sitting rooms, lounges and reception areas, offices, library, music rooms, conference and study rooms, restaurant and auditoriums.
Conceived as a research vehicle, only one unit was constructed.
Conceived as a response to the murders of Matthew Shepard and James Byrd Jr., the measure expands the 1969 United States federal hate-crime law to include crimes motivated by a victim's actual or perceived gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, or disability.
Conceived as a single enclosed space, the long Belvedere court connected the Vatican Palace with the Villa Belvedere in a series of terraces connected by stairs, and was contained on its sides by narrow wings.
Conceived as a single piece, Eno describes it in the liner notes as "to reward attention, but not so strict as to demand it".
Conceived as a "small high school," the school's focus was on teaching a rigorous, project-based curriculum, using art and technology as tools for learning.
Conceived as a small series of web pages, John and Nick were responding to what they recognized as a lack of media coverage of a vibrant arts and theater scene in Detroit.
Conceived as a suite, they used their instruments to tell the story of a day in the life of a shepherd in Kashmir using ragas associated with various times of the day to advance the dramatic narrative.
Conceived as a theme album built around the title track, Ship Ahoy includes socially relevant tracks and love songs under a cover that is itself notable for its serious subject matter.
Conceived as a way to energize a city hit hard by the Great Depression, it highlighted the progress that had been achieved in the Great Lakes region in the last 100 years and indicated the path for future progress.
Conceived as a way to make Canada's presence in the Arctic more visible, C.D. Howe entered service in 1950.
Conceived as both a prequel and sequel to F.W. Murnau's silent film Nosferatu: A Symphony of Horror, it was written by Mark Ellis, designed by Melissa Martin, with art provided by Rik Levins, Richard Pace and Frank Turner.
Conceived as more of a project than a band, they have only performed a total of five times: twice in 2003 (May 17 at Upper Montclair, New Jersey and May 18 at B.B. King's Blues Club, New York), and three times in 2011.
Conceived as part of a through trunk route for the North British Railway, it never achieved its potential.
Conceived as the first openly gay rock band featuring predominantly gay musicians, Pansy Division's music, a mix of pop punk and power pop, focuses mainly on LGBT issues, sex and relationships, often presented in a humorous light.
Conceived as the mainstay of the new Soviet tank armies, it was a development of the T-18, ultimately based on the First World War-era French Renault FT.
Conceived as the Pope's personal guard, the unit provided a mounted escort for the Pope when he moved about Rome in his carriage and mounted guard outside his apartments in the papal palaces.
Conceived as the sixth entry in the Legacy of Kain series, Dead Sun entered production for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 3, PlayStation 4, and Xbox 360, but was canceled in 2012 following three years of work, and initially remained undisclosed to the public.
Conceived at the time when Sting had just released his fifth solo effort, Mercury Falling (hence equalling his personal tally with the one of The Police), the album mixes a selection of the Sting's Police-era songs with later hits recorded under his own name.
Conceived by Adam Reed as the comedy's main protagonist, Sterling is voiced by H. Jon Benjamin.
Conceived by Alexander Lippisch, it was developed and built by Dornier on behalf of the Federal German Ministry of Defense.
Conceived by an anonymous group in the summer of 2004, it claimed to have attracted 300 members by May 2005, and the religion's Geocities website claimed "over sixteen hundred members".
Conceived by architect Wilhelm Kuhnen, the building has a circular appearance but in fact is constructed as a regular polygon.
Conceived by art director Felix Ng of design by silnt, the exhibition has collaborated with Japanese design studio Artless and architect Shuzo Okabe.
Conceived by author Roberta Leigh, later a co-producer, the children's show premiered in 1957.
Conceived by Chris Metzen and James Phinney, the StarCraft series has been a commercial and critical success.
Conceived by Daniel Victor, it features lead vocal performances by members of different bands, including several well-known Canadian acts, such as Our Lady Peace, Finger Eleven, Alexisonfire, The Watchmen, Creeper Lagoon, and Age of Electric.
Conceived by entrepreneur and Electronic Arts founder Trip Hawkins, the 3DO was not a console manufactured by the company itself, but a series of specifications, originally designed by Dave Needle and R. J. Mical of New Technologies Group, that could be licensed by third parties.
Conceived by Eric C. Mylonas and Thomas Keller, and staffed by former GameFan editors, it not only intended to follow in the footsteps of the then-defunct GameFan Magazine, but focus even deeper into the hardcore gaming market.
Conceived by Gene Roddenberry, who is credited as executive consultant, the script is credited to Roddenberry and fellow Star Trek alumnus Gene L. Coon.
Conceived by German Admiral Erich Raeder, the extensive project began in 1937.
Conceived by Harry Doddema and Dan Carlson in September 2003 and officially launched on December 5 of that year, it uses the wiki model and is hosted by Wikia, Inc. on the MediaWiki software.
Conceived by John Ficarra, as a combination of the Cannonball Baker Sea-To-Shining-Sea Memorial Trophy Dash and the 24 Hours of LeMons.
Conceived by Kevin Eastman and Peter Laird, it was initially intended as a one-shot, but due to its popularity it became an ongoing series.
Conceived by Looking Glass after the completion of their first game, Ultima Underworld: The Stygian Abyss, Terra Nova was subject to a long and difficult development process, caused in part by the production of its full motion video cutscenes.
Conceived by marketing executive, Rick Osborn and corporate financier, Matt Roberts the event was organized to raise money for Cancer Research UK and also be a modern take on the famous Masters Karting Paris Bercy events from the mid 1990s.
Conceived by Mrs. Horatio Seymour, the monument's dedication ceremony was attended by Grover Cleveland and other prominent figures.
Conceived by Oliver Bulleid for the Southern Railway's commuter route from London Charing Cross to Dartford, the two 4DD electric multiple units were the only double-deck trains to run on the main line railway network in Britain.
Conceived by Ontario's Progressive Conservative Government, Wintario came from an idea that it could raise money for worthwhile community recreational projects from which the province could benefit.
Conceived by producer Peter R. Simpson after his box office hit Prom Night (1980), the film was intended to be an "adult" slasher aimed at older audiences in contrast to the standard genre films of the time, which featured predominately teenaged characters.
Conceived by producer Tokuro Fujiwara as a remake of his earlier horror game Sweet Home (1989), the development of Resident Evil was led by Shinji Mikami.
Conceived by Rebecca Wolff in 1997 and first printed in Spring 1998 (receiving coverage from Poets & Writers), its editors have included Jonathan Lethem and Ben Marcus (fiction), Matthew Rohrer and Caroline Crumpacker (poetry), and Frances Richard (non-fiction).
Conceived by the Global Commons Institute [GCI] in the early 1990s, the Contraction and Convergence strategy consists of reducing overall emissions of greenhouse gasses to a safe level (contraction), resulting from every country bringing its emissions per capita to a level which is equal for all countries (convergence).
Conceived by the label and direct response television company I&M Marketing with the co-operation from Studio 54 founders Steve Rubell and Ian Schrager, A Night at Studio 54 was also a double album, with its music segued between tracks by disk jockeys Marc Paul Simon and Roy Thode for continuous playing, reminiscent of the nightclub itself.
Conceived by the planetary scientist Carolyn Porco, who was the imaging team leader for Cassini, the concept called for the people of the world to reflect on their place in the cosmos, to marvel at life on Earth, and, at the time the pictures were taken, to look up and smile in celebration.
Conceived by the rebel Super League competition, any players aligned with the Australian Rugby League were not available for selection.
Conceived by the Singapore Improvement Trust in the 1950s and completed by its predecessor, Housing and Development Board (HDB), in the 1960s, Queenstown is Singapore's first satellite town and serves as the testbed for Singapore's public housing program.
Conceived by Twyla Tharp, the musical tells the story of a generation of American youth growing up on Long Island during the 1960s and their experiences with the Vietnam War.
Conceived by VP Parades and Spectaculars, Steve Davison, the parade celebrates the dreams of Disney characters and includes Disney characters such as Mickey, Minnie, Tinker Bell, Cinderella, Snow White, Simba, Alice and Mad Hatter, Pinocchio, Belle and Beast, Ariel, Donald, Goofy and Pluto.
Conceived by Walter Alvarez and Roland Saekow and developed by the department of Earth and Planetary Science at the University of California, Berkeley in collaboration with Microsoft Research and Moscow State University, Alvarez unveiled the first ChronoZoom prototype at UC Berkeley's 2010 Faculty Research Lecture.
Conceived by William Madison Wood of the American Woolen Company, the village was designed a team of architects including Adden & Parker, Clifford Allbright, Ripley and LeBoutillier and James E. Allen.
Conceived by World of Color creator Steve Davison, the show features projection mapping onto the park's castle, fireworks, water fountains, fire, music, lasers, searchlights, mist screens and other special effects.
Conceived during spiritual discussions with Norwood, Campbell and Lilly conceptualized the pop- and R&B-influenced ballad secretly as a soul song as they were keen to hear her sing a religious track, a genre which Norwood declined to record at that time.
Conceived during the burgeoning grunge scene, the album has been viewed by music writers as stylistically distinct from other Sub Pop and grunge music.
Conceived during the height of a game industry trend of dropping players into a world with few instructions and a goal of survival, the game was influenced by Minecraft, which spearheaded this trend, as well as by filmmaker Tim Burton.
Conceived during the middle of the popularity of acid house in the band's native Manchester, band leader Vini Reilly chose to combine acid house, and other electronic dance music styles, with his signature guitar playing on a new album.
Conceived for Ford's smaller models, it was intended to replace the older HCS (a derivative of the even older Kent unit) and smaller capacity CVH units.
Conceived for local journeys, it was used by the main line Caledonian Railway to get access to Glasgow, and was soon taken over by the larger company.
Conceived for string quartet, the piano can also be accompanied by a string orchestra as Concerto for Piano and Strings, the title under which it was published in 1987.
Conceived from an unfinished project called Carousel, the album was recorded from June 2008 to November 2009, and was produced primarily by group co-creator Damon Albarn.
Conceived in 1909 by the Indiana Knights of Columbus, and named for Fr.
Conceived in 1971 and opened in 1976, it connects earlier portions including Asok Montri, Wong Sawang and Charan Sanitwong Roads to form the city's inner ring road system.
Conceived in 1991, the championship was first awarded as the result of a single-elimination tournament; its subsequent lineage would end when the final champion Brad Armstrong was stripped of the title due to injury.
Conceived in 1992 and originally announced in 1994, the game was previewed and reviewed on multiple magazines but it was left unreleased after Atari Corporation discontinued the Jaguar and merged with JT Storage in 1996, until it was licensed and published by Songbird Productions in 2000, a year after the system was declared as an open platform by Hasbro Interactive.
Conceived in 1993, the working group meets twice per year to discuss an international strategy for the exploration of Mars.
Conceived in 1994, the project's ambition was to restore and maintain a significant amount of the forestry in the Scottish environment, and secondly to reestablish the link between local communities and the environment that surrounded them.
Conceived in 1997 and launched in 2001 as the School of Engineering in Cikarang, Bekasi, the school received University status on 16 April 2002.
Conceived in 2008, the festival of higher education and has taken place in a variety of venues across the city.
Conceived in 2010 by Scott West and Kris Tearse following the demise of post-grunge band Death of London, the song writing partnership grew quickly and productively.
Conceived in 2011 by Canadian filmmakers Patricia Sims and Michael Clark of Canazwest Pictures, and Sivaporn Dardarananda, Secretary-General of the Elephant Reintroduction Foundation in Thailand, it was officially founded, supported and launched by Patricia Sims and the Elephant Reintroduction Foundation on August 12, 2012.
Conceived in Fire is the sixth album by the Christian metalcore band Living Sacrifice.
Conceived in Hungary and developed in the United States in 2014, PanIQ Room became the first international escape room chain in the world with franchise disclosure documentation.
Conceived initially as a private sector and apolitical global alternative to the European Currency Unit, it is used to price commodities such as bunker fuel and as a reference currency for global investors and companies seeking to mitigate bilateral exchange rate volatility.
Conceived in late 2006 by Philippine publishing magnate Gaspar Vibal, WikiPilipinas (as Wikipiniana) officially went live on June 12, 2007 with several thousand Philippine-related articles forked from the English Wikipedia.
Conceived in Liberty, authored by Murray Rothbard, is a 4-volume narrative concerning the history of the United States from the pre-colonial period through the American Revolution.
Conceived in May 2000, Immigration Daily is read by attorneys, paralegals, and other readers interested in the latest developments in the immigration law field.
Conceived in Sewage is the fourth studio album by American death metal band Devourment.
Conceived in the 1960s by President Sukarno, it was meant to be the second international-standard hotel to be built in the newly independent country (the first was Hotel Indonesia).
Conceived in the aftermath of a period marked by financial and personal struggles for Clinton, "Computer Games" restored his popularity for a short time before P-Funk fell victim to renewed legal problems and scant label support in the mid 1980s.
Conceived in the early 1930s, the electric guitar became a necessity as jazz musicians sought to amplify their sound to be heard over loud big bands.
Conceived in the early 1990s, Real Adventures suffered a long and troubled development.
Conceived in the early 1990s, their first album was not released until July 2001.
Conceived in the late 80s, they are a military counterpart to the better known strictly civilian Mir submersiles and are operated by the Navy's Main Underwater Research Directorate.
Conceived in the squats of Bonnington Square and Vauxhall Grove, The Happy End grew to accommodate up to 24 musicians.
Conceived in the summer of 2005 on Phillip Island, in South Eastern Australia, the songs are shorter, more trimmed down and classic in composition than usual Dirty Three output.
Conceived in the wake of several distressing personal events, 808s & Heartbreak marked a major musical departure from West's previous rap records, instead featuring a sparse, electronic sound and West singing through an Auto-Tune vocal processor.
Conceived in the winter of 1994/95, it was performed, recorded and engineered at Absinthe Studios (Denver, Colorado) by Michael Jenkins Moynihan and Robert Ferbrache.
Conceived of and directed by the Fund for the Arts, ArtSpace, the W.L. Lyons Brown Theater and the Fifth Third Conference Center are owned by the Fund for the Arts Properties Foundation, Inc., a Fund for the Arts partner corporation.
Conceived of and edited by Gary Arlington, the anthology highlighted the work of many of San Francisco's top underground talents, including Bill Griffith, Robert Crumb, Kim Deitch, Justin Green, Rory Hayes, Willy Murphy, Jim Osborne, Trina Robbins, and Spain Rodriguez.
Conceived of as a grand monument, it suffered from construction issues and was eventually abandoned as the channel it marked was supplanted by other routes.
Conceived on a grand scale, Union Station became known as the "Last of the Great Railway Stations" built in the United States.
Conceived on Green's European music tour in the summer of 2010, the film was shot entirely on an iPhone camera, with Green writing the script for the actors on index cards.
Conceived, written and presented by former BBC arts broadcaster Melvyn Bragg, the show aims to bring both high art and popular culture to a mass audience.
Conceive Magazine is a health and lifestyle publication that provides information about women's health and fertility, about various methods of conception (natural, alternative, assisted and high-tech), and about adoption.
Conceiving Ada is a 1997 film produced, written, and directed by Lynn Hershman Leeson.
Conceiving contemporary art in relation to this backward gaze, Rudolph picks up topics associated with unfinished works of mourning.
Conceiving of worst-case scenarios is a common form of strategic planning, specifically scenario planning, to prepare for and minimize contingencies that could result in accidents, quality problems, or other issues.
Concelebrating the Mass were many of the clergy (pastors) who supported the building of the school, both financially and spiritually.
Concelebration is often practiced by ministers/priest of Churches that are in full communion with one another, e.g. the Anglican Communion and the Old Catholic Church.
Concentra also provides a range of health improvement solutions to employers, and operates 154 employer onsite medical facilities.
Concentra has more than 900 affiliated primary care physicians and 600 physical therapists.
Concentra Inc., is a national health care company founded in 1979 in Amarillo, Texas.
Concentrated along the lowlands of the Orinoco River, the people migrated by sea to the Lesser Antilles, and then to Puerto Rico.
Concentrated Animal Feeding Operations are facilities that require federal National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System (NPDES) water quality permits, irrespective of size.
Concentrated bupivacaine is not recommended for epidural freezing.
Concentrated ClN3 is notoriously unstable and may spontaneously detonate at any temperature.
Concentrate Design creates products developed to help pupils concentrate at school.
Concentrated feeds that are high in fat but low in carbohydrates, such as rice bran, ground flaxseed, or corn oil are often added to a basic grain or pelleted feed ration to assist weight gain without creating excess energy.
Concentrated HF (typically 49% HF in water) etches silicon dioxide too quickly for good process control and also peels photoresist used in lithographic patterning.
Concentrated impurities, discharged from the bottom of the tank are known as sludge, while the particles that float to the surface of the liquid are called scum.
Concentrated in the printing industry in its early days, WWA members included women who were or had been employed in printing shops (and their female employers in some cases) and also self-employed printers.
Concentrated lead ore is fed into a sintering machine with iron, silica, limestone fluxes, coke, soda ash, pyrite, zinc, caustics or pollution control particulates.
Concentrated nitric acid is added to a protein solution from the side of the test tube to form two layers.
Concentrated potassium hydroxide breaks up the compound to p-hydroxyphenylacetic acid and oxalic acid.
Concentrated poverty refers to a spatial density of socio-economic deprivation.
Concentrated solar power plants usually use the more complex collectors to generate electricity by heating a fluid to drive a turbine connected to an electrical generator.
Concentrated solar thermal is seen as one viable solution for renewable, pollution-free energy.
Concentrated sulfuric acid is added to form two layers.
Concentrated sulfuric acid is slowly added to form two layers.
Concentrating attack on the leg stump is considered by many cricket fans and commentators to lead to boring play, as it stifles run scoring and encourages batsmen to play conservatively.
Concentrating more on character than plot, it explores the dreams of a young man yearning for a college education in the midst of people stumbling through the workday in a haze of hopelessness and despondency.
Concentrating on a young 16-33 audience, Divanee offers the usual combination of fashion, health, music and film reviews, but it also hopes to provide a liberal perspective to young Desi women, with an editorial stance that promotes free-thinking, pride in one's heritage and oneself, individuality and overcoming cultural expectations.
Concentrating on Ingulf Mac Fingold and Carrol Mac Lir, it details how they met and how both got the mystic swords they now bear.
Concentrating on the Armageddon Secundus region of the planet, the game is a mixture of strategy and resource management.
Concentrating on the fight or flight principles, he surmises that this once life saving response is now a debilitating condition that cause us the daily stress of today.
Concentrating on timetable and train order (T&TO) operations, this new layout replicated the Nickel Plate Koester grew up with in his hometown in Indiana.
Concentrating primarily on Australian politics in a broad sense, the magazine's issues have covered topics including profiles of Mark Latham, to the U.S. military's failure to grasp the importance of tribal affiliation in Iraq, and the "cult" of the CEO.
Concentrating primarily on video and installation since 1973, she has produced numerous multiple- and single-channel pieces.
Concentrating specifically on the African market, ATA has come up with appropriate, relevant, reliable and cost effective solutions to meet small business needs.
Concentrating themselves on 'Iso M'siha, i.e., on the historical life of Jesus Christ, the believers are led to the eschatological fulfillment, viz., the heavenly bliss, in this special arrangement of liturgical seasons.
Concentration 20 is the third studio album by Japanese singer Namie Amuro, released July 24, 1997 by Avex Trax.
Concentration 20 received mixed reviews from critics.
Concentration cell corrosion occurs when two or more areas of a metal surface are in contact with different concentrations of the same solution.
Concentration cell methods of chemical analysis compare a solution of known concentration with an unknown, determining the concentration of the unknown via the Nernst Equation or comparison tables against a group of standards.
Concentration declined after that, but has increased sharply in more recent years.
Concentration is a music album by artists Machines of Loving Grace which was released in 1993.
Concentration measurements are usually determined from a working curve after calibrating the instrument with standards of known concentration.
Concentration must be sufficiently low for observing individual particles.
Concentration of stool is necessary in order to raise sensitivity of microscopy, as in non-concentrated samples the likelihood of finding equivalents of actually present parasites is too low.
Concentration ratios are usually used to show the extent of market control of the largest firms in the industry and to illustrate the degree to which an industry is oligopolistic.
Concentration risk is a banking term denoting the overall spread of a bank's outstanding accounts over the number or variety of debtors to whom the bank has lent money.
Concentrations are offered in Sociology, Psychology or Law.
Concentrations include Computational Media, Narrative Media, Tangible Media, Critical Media Theory and Social Media.
Concentrations of 8-oxo-dG within a cell are a measurement of oxidative stress.
Concentrations of animal bones from the early nineteenth century indicate furs were processed at the site.
Concentrations of Assyrians are found in Greenford and in Hanwell, both towns within the London Borough of Ealing.
Concentrations of "brain sand" increase with age, so the pineal gland becomes increasingly visible on X-rays over time, usually by the third or fourth decade.
Concentrations of contaminants give no effects Descriptor 9.
Concentrations of salt up to 20% are required to kill most species of unwanted bacteria.
Concentrations of virodhamine in the human hippocampus are similar to those of anandamide, but they are 2- to 9-fold higher in peripheral tissues that express CB2.
Concentrations were fashion, design, anthropology, history, and cultural studies.
Concentration Training features a selection of activities and minigames that are designed to stimulate and improve the player's concentration and working memory.
Concentrative nucleoside transporter 1 (CNT1) is a protein that in humans is encoded by the SLC28A1 gene.
Concentrative nucleoside transporter 2 (CNT2) is a protein that in humans is encoded by the SLC28A2 gene.
Concentric castles resemble one castle nested inside the other, thus creating an inner and outer ward.
Concentric Circles is an album by jazz saxophonist Chris Potter released on the Concord label in 1994.
Concentric Data Systems, Inc. was founded in December 1979 by John J. Henderson and Jonathan Sachs, both having left their jobs as system programmers at Data General Corporation.
Concentric Group is an abstract painting by Oskar Schlemmer, from 1925.
Concentric hypertrophy is due to pressure overload, while eccentric hypertrophy is due to volume overload.
Concentric is the sixth studio album by the Italian psychedelic rock band Jennifer Gentle, released in 2010 by A Silent Place.
Concentric microscopic grooves etched into the plastic provide the diffraction.
Concentric Sky is a software development company located in Eugene, Oregon.
Concentric transitioned to a product development company, producing a series of software products for the IBM PC.
Concentrix is headquartered in Fremont, CA.
Concentrix provides service in 10 industries: Automotive, Banking and Financial Services, Consumer Electronics, Energy and Public Sector, Healthcare Services, Insurance, Media and Communications, Retail and eCommerce, Technology, and Travel, Transportation and Tourism.
"Concentus might be chief ruler over all things that are sung...and Accentus over all things that are read," according to Ornithoparchus.
Concepcion, a Philippine sixth class municipality is located on Maestro de Campo.
Concepcion "Concha" Ortiz y Pino de Kleven was a Democrat from New Mexico.
Concepcion has sold more than 7 thousand albums and over a million digital download in the Philippines alone.
Concepcion Industries is also the Philippines licensee of Carrier and Kelvinator.
Concepcion Industries is a Philippine maker of electrical appliances including air conditioning equipment and refrigerators.
Concepcion is a village in one of the Barangays of Gandara on the island province of Samar in Region 8, Eastern Visayas Region, in The Philippines.
Concepcion is currently signed with Star Records and Sony Music for another yet to come unannounced third studio album.
Concepcion, officially the Municipality of Concepcion, is a 1st class municipality in the province of Tarlac, Philippines.
Concepcion, officially the Municipality of Concepcion, is a 3rd class municipality in the province of Iloilo, Philippines.
Concepcion, officially the Municipality of Concepcion, is a 6th class municipality in the province of Misamis Occidental, Philippines.
Concepcion, officially the Municipality of Concepcion, is a 6th class municipality in the province of Romblon, Philippines.
Concepcion resides in Rizal, Viga, Catanduanes, Philippines.
Concept2 also manufactures oars for sculling and sweep rowing (under the name Dreissigacker) and air resistance Nordic skiing trainers (SkiErgs).
Concept2 is a manufacturer of rowing equipment based in Vermont, USA.
Conceptacles are present in Corallinaceae, and Hildenbrandiales, as well as the brown Fucales.
Conceptacles are specialized cavities of marine and freshwater algae that contain the reproductive organs.
Concept art is a form of illustration used to convey an idea for use in films, video games, animation, comic books, or other media before it is put into the final product.
Concept art is developed through several iterations.
Concept art is not only used to develop the work, but also to show the project's progress to directors, clients and investors.
Concept artist Syd Mead, who collaborated with Cameron to design the Sulaco, was hired to design locations.
Concept art usually refers to world-building artwork used to inspire the development of media products, and is not the same as visual development art or concept design, though all three are often confused.
Concept-based image indexing, also variably named as "description-based" or "text-based" image indexing/retrieval, refers to retrieval from text-based indexing of images that may employ keywords, subject headings, captions, or natural language text (Chen & Rasmussen, 1999).
Concept cars never go into production directly.
Concept design has been made by Italian designer Pininfarina.
Concept development for the game began with a small team in 2009.
ConceptDraw MINDMAP is proprietary mind mapping and brainstorming software developed by CS Odessa for Microsoft Windows and Apple macOS operating systems.
ConceptDraw Office is a proprietary office software suite of business productivity tools, developed by Computer Systems Odessa for use with either Microsoft Windows and macOS operating systems.
ConceptDraw Office is composed of mind mapping, project management and business diagramming tools.
ConceptDraw PLAN is delivered under the SaaS model (Software as a service) that allows users to use a cloud-based application via Internet.
ConceptDraw PRO is proprietary diagramming software used to create business graphics, including: diagrams, flowcharts, Infographics, data visualization for business process models, data presentation and project management documentation.
ConceptDraw PROJECT is a project management software package developed by Computer Systems Odessa for Microsoft Windows and macOS platforms.
Concept-driven strategy therefore starts from agreeing and enacting a set of strategic concepts (organizing principles) that "works best" for an organization.
Concept Entertainment owned the restaurant from 1992 until 2014, when it was closed unexpectedly.
Concept inventories are evaluated to ensure test reliability and validity.
Conceptionally related, a hardware Trojan (HT) is a malicious modification an electronic system, particularly in the context an integrated circuit.
Conception and production began in late 2007, with the completion of the "pilot" episode in May 2008.
Conception Bay (CB) is a bay on the southeast coast of Newfoundland, Canada.
Conception Bay is adjacent to the St. John's Metropolitan Area which contains 5 of the 10 largest settlements in the province and is home to over 100,000 people.
Conception Bay South is a provincial electoral district for the House of Assembly of Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.
Conception Bay South is a town located on the southern shore of Conception Bay on the Avalon Peninsula of the island of Newfoundland, Province of Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.
Conception dreams are dreams that are said to foretell the conception or birth of a child, dreamt by the future mother or people close to her.
Conception II was released in Japan on August 22, 2013, April 15, 2014 in North America, May 14, 2014 in Europe and worldwide on August 16, 2016 for Microsoft Windows.
Conception is a 2011 American comedy drama film written and directed by Josh Stolberg, with an ensemble cast including Pamela Adlon, David Arquette and Jason Mantzoukas.
Conception is a compilation album issued by Prestige Records in 1956 as PRLP 7013, featuring Miles Davis on a number of tracks.
Conception is an unincorporated community in Highland Township, Wabasha County, Minnesota, United States.
Conception is a power/progressive metal band from Raufoss, Norway, originally active from 1989 to 1998, during which they released four studio albums.
Conception is home to Conception Abbey.
Conception of Our Lady is an order of nuns founded in Portugal in 1484.
Conception of the album is created quite unusual.
Conception: Ore no Kodomo o Undekure! is a role-playing game developed by Spike.
Conception Point is the northernmost point on Coronation Island in the South Orkney Islands.
Conceptions of Library and Information Science (CoLIS) is a series of conferences about historical, empirical and theoretical perspectives in Library and Information Science.
Conceptions of what constitutes Oceania vary, with it being defined in various ways, often geopolitically or geographically.
Conception Vessel is the debut album by Paul Motian released on the ECM label in 1973.
Concept is an Italian progressive power metal band, formed in 2000.
Concept is the ninth album by the Los Angeles, California-based R&B group the Sylvers.
Concept is the seventeenth studio album by the reggae artist Beenie Man.
Concept is usually perceived as a regularity in events or objects or in their records.
Conceptivae were annual holidays that were moveable feasts (like Easter on the Christian calendar, or Thanksgiving in North America); the date was announced by the magistrates or priests who were responsible for them.
Concept learning, also known as category learning, concept attainment, and concept formation, is defined by Bruner, Goodnow, & Austin (1967) as "the search for and listing of attributes that can be used to distinguish exemplars from non exemplars of various categories".
Concept learning also refers to a learning task in which a human or machine learner is trained to classify objects by being shown a set of example objects along with their class labels.
Concept learning may be simple or complex because learning takes place over many areas.
Concept mapping and mind mapping software is used to create diagrams of relationships between concepts, ideas, or other pieces of information.
Concept maps have been used to define the ontology of computer systems, for example with the object-role modeling or Unified Modeling Language formalism.
Concept mining is an activity that results in the extraction of concepts from artifacts.
Concept musicals were first introduced in the 1940s, though two shows compete for the title of 'first concept musical:' Allegro and Love Life.
Concept of CBDR evolved from notion of "common concern" in Convention for the Establishment of an Inter-American Tropical Tuna Commission of 1949 and "common heritage of mankind" in United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea, 1982.
Concept of One is the debut album of the dance-pop and freestyle music group Concept of One, created by music producer Tony Moran.
Concept of One was a dance-pop and freestyle music project formed in 1989 by music producer Tony Moran, soon after the end of The Latin Rascals.
Concept of Our Great Power refers to writing 28 of codex VI of the Nag Hammadi library.
Concept of the Corporation (1946) is a book by management professor and sociologist Peter Drucker.
Concept of TrFO became applicable for 2G networks also with the "A interface over IP" implementation.
Concept of VAT in Nepal was introduced in FY 2049/50 but the act was developed in BS 2050.
Concepto Radial broadcasts 24 hours a day over the internet.
Concepto Radial is a Campus radio station at the Monterrey Institute of Technology and Higher Education, Mexico City.
Concept-oriented design (COD) is a theory of design and development based upon the language and diagrams of practitioners.
Concept Processing is a technology that uses an artificial intelligence engine to provide flexible user interfaces.
Concept Records is a small UK-based independent record label headquartered in London.
Concept Records was featured in MTV's Totally Boyband in late 2006, as it followed the journey of newly formed boy band, Upper Street, and their rise to fame.
Conceptronic is a brand of computer peripherals.
Concepts are an extension to C++'s templates, published as an ISO Technical Specification ISO/IEC TS 19217:2015.
Concepts are first shown in sequence, and then next to each other.
Concepts are mental representations, abstract objects or abilities that make up the fundamental building blocks of thoughts and beliefs.
Concepts are studied as components of human cognition in the cognitive science disciplines of linguistics, psychology and philosophy, where an ongoing debate asks whether all cognition must occur through concepts.
Concepts are used as formal tools or models in mathematics, computer science, databases and artificial intelligence where they are sometimes called classes, schema or categories.
Concept School of Learning Abbottabad is a privately run high school on Abbottabad, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan.
Concept Schools is a nonprofit charter management organization that provides education through a network of charter schools.
Concepts comprising the principles of medical neutrality derive from international human rights law, medical ethics and humanitarian law.
Concepts covered in this author's work include The Law of Attraction, made famous in recent years by the resurgence of interest in Charles F. Haanel and his most popular work The Master Key System and Subconscious programming through auto-suggestion.
Concept-screening surveys provide a quick means to narrow the field of options; however they provide little depth of insight and cannot be compared to a normative database due to interactions between concepts.
Concept, screenplay, dialogs and direction is by Sandeep Sawant.
Concepts differ about the contents of the family Gadidae.
Concepts for adapting the Spitfire to take the new engine had begun as far back as October 1939; Joseph Smith felt that "The good big 'un will eventually beat the good little 'un."
Concepts for an MMORPG within the Dragon Quest series began among a small team during the later development of Dragon Quest VIII.
Concepts for describing aspects of nature by numbers are called physical quantities.
Concepts from the Landmark Forum were utilized by The Wachowskis in their film The Matrix Revolutions.
Concepts in Blue is an album by jazz trombonist J. J. Johnson recorded in 1980 for the Pablo Today label and originally released as a CD in 2002.
Concepts is a 1992 sixteen-disk box set compilation of the U.S. singer Frank Sinatra.
Concepts may include the nature of The Absolute, karma and reincarnation, the evolution of the soul, higher states of consciousness, universal mind, and so on.
Concepts of decentralization have been applied to group dynamics and management science in private businesses and organizations, political science, law and public administration, economics and technology.
Concepts of fluid and crystallized intelligence were further developed by Cattell's student John L. Horn.
Concepts of graph kernels have been around since the 1999, when D. Haussler introduced convolutional kernels on discrete structures.
Concepts of Modern Mathematics is a 1975 book by mathematician and science popularizer Ian Stewart about recent developments in mathematics.
Concepts of Physics is a calculus-based physics textbook by H. C. Verma.
Concepts of pre-existence can encompass either the belief that the soul came into existence at some time prior to conception or the belief that the soul is eternal.
Concepts of special rights are closely aligned with notions of group rights and identity politics.
Concepts of spherical geometry may also be applied to the oblong sphere, though minor modifications must be implemented on certain formulas.
Concepts of spirituality, intuition, and metaphysics are considered subjectively valuable only, primarily because they are unfalsifiable, and therefore can never progress beyond the realm of personal opinion.
Concepts of the appropriate role for journalism vary between countries.
Concepts of these relationships, including what defines an age disparity, have developed over time and vary among societies.
Concepts progressed from the basic ASF to the agile tail-controlled ASF TC Mk II.
Concepts similar to the list price exist in many countries, but equivalents of the list price often cannot be compared directly internationally as products and services may differ to meet different legal requirements, and price figures communicated to consumers must include taxes and duties (for example) in the EU but not in the US.
Concepts similar to the Metaverse have appeared under a variety of names in the cyberpunk genre of fiction as far back as 1981 in the novella True Names.
Concepts such as borders, river, bridge, relationship history, technology, disaster, nature and art are transposed by invited artists into sensory images to experience.
Concepts such as guides and topics provide means for reaching help pages in different ways.
Concepts such as "Holy war", whereby fighting itself might be considered a penitential and spiritually meritorious act, did not emerge before the 11th century.
Concepts, such as rent control, 'security of tenure', statutory tenancy, regulated tenancy, fair rent, rent officer, Rent Officer Service and assured tenancy were introduced in the twentieth century, and have developed in the years since.
Concepts such as the fact that wishing for time to go faster results in it going slower are dealt with, as well as the all-important factor of time in a relationship.
Concepts such as TLV, ADI, and TDI can be compared to the no-observed-adverse-effect level (NOAEL) in animal testing, but whereas a NOAEL can be established experimentally during a short period, TLV, ADI, and TDI apply to human beings over a lifetime and thus are harder to test empirically and are usually set at lower levels.
Concepts that are enhanced through nanobiology include: nanodevices (such as biological machines), nanoparticles, and nanoscale phenomena that occurs within the discipline of nanotechnology.
Concepts that are needed for these purposes must represent both the content and context of the health care services.
Concepts that now and in the past have fallen under this term include social and emotional learning, moral reasoning and cognitive development, life skills education, health education, violence prevention, critical thinking, ethical reasoning, and conflict resolution and mediation.
Concepts that originated in the Roman constitution live on in both forms of government to this day.
Concepts Unlimited (UCU) was a pioneering art gallery in Chelsea, Manhattan, New York City that investigated the artistic merit of new technologies based on the emerging digital art scene.
Concepts were created by Warren Ellis, with the script and art being provided by Steve Pugh.
Concepts within this entry are all caps locked in order to indicate these concepts.
Concept testing focuses on the basic product idea, without the embellishments and puffery inherent in advertising.
Concept testing (to be distinguished from pre-test markets and test markets which may be used at a later stage of product development research) is the process of using surveys (and sometimes qualitative methods) to evaluate consumer acceptance of a new product idea prior to the introduction of a product to the market.
Conceptual architecture is a form of architecture that utilizes conceptualism, characterized by an introduction of ideas or concepts from outside of architecture often as a means of expanding the discipline of architecture.
Conceptual barriers between so-called high and low culture have broken down, accompanying an explosion in scholarly interest in popular culture, which encompasses such diverse media as comic books, television, and the Internet.
Conceptual blending, also called conceptual integration or view application, is a theory of cognition developed by Gilles Fauconnier and Mark Turner.
Conceptual combination is a fundamental cognitive process by which two or more existing basic concepts are mentally synthesized to generate a composite, higher-order concept.
Conceptual combination is an important concept in the fields of cognitive psychology and cognitive science.
Conceptual definitions of psychological mindedness have included variant, but related descriptions.
Conceptual dependency theory is a model of natural language understanding used in artificial intelligence systems.
Conceptual Design is an early phase of the design process, in which the broad outlines of function and form of something are articulated.
Conceptual economy is a term describing the contribution of creativity, innovation, and design skills to economic competitiveness, especially in the global context.
Conceptual graphics were proposed by the defender on 20 November 2017, and the full Class Rule rule was published on 29 March 2018.
Conceptual graphs (CGs) are a formalism for knowledge representation.
Conceptual interoperability is a concept in simulation theory.
Conceptualization of the film began when Fog Creek Software CEO Joel Spolsky announced on his blog that he was seeking a filmmaker to document the development of the product, then called Project Aardvark.
Conceptualized and created by Anil Wanvari, the founder, CEO of media and services group, indiantelevision.com, they are in their 12th edition currently.
Conceptualized and designed in the late 1960s, work began in the early 1970s with the freeway aimed at alleviating future traffic congestion in the city expected in the years to come.
Conceptualized as a community project, The Hong Kong Government loan the land to the Hong Kong Jockey Club free of charge and the latter donated HK$500 million to build all facilities with the mission to promote the game of golf to the people of Hong Kong.
Conceptualized as the "Horse Lords of Rohan" allied with Gondor in early drafts of 1939, the Rohirrim took their final form in 1942 when about one third of The Lord of the Rings was completed.
Conceptualized by a group of comic book creators from different parts of the country (and some based overseas) as a collaboration to revitalize the local Comics industry.
Conceptualized by executive producers Aaron Stewart-Ahn and the band's bass player Nick Harmer proposals from around the world were submitted to Death Cab for Cutie, and a budget was allowed for 12 finalists to create videos that would translate their visions of every song from Plans.
Conceptualized by him, Om Shanti Om gained popularity for its proper amalgamation of Music, Devotion and Spirituality, and bringing Swami Ramdev as main judge for the first time on any talent reality show on Indian television.
Conceptualized by Mr. Bangladesh, the producer revealed in an interview with MTV that the song had undergone many different versions before the final cut was included on the album.
Conceptualized by theater activist Donovan King, the festival was founded in Montreal in 2004 by King and fellow theater activists Jason C. McLean and Gary St-Laurent as a response to high registration fees and conflict-of-interest sponsorships in the St-Ambroise Montreal Fringe Festival and the trademarking of the word "Fringe" by the Canadian Association of Fringe Festivals.
Conceptualized by the cousin-duo Ali Asgar Kagzi and Asad Daud, Genext Students brings home tutors to parents who are in need of such a kind of tutoring based on technology.
Conceptualized in 1998 and originally developed at the MIT School of Architecture and Planning in co-operation with the Aga Khan Trust for Culture, it has been maintained by the Aga Khan Documentation Center at MIT and the Aga Khan Trust for Culture since 2011.Archnet is an open access resource providing all users with resources on architecture, urban design and development in the Muslim world.
Conceptualized in 2000, the Foundation launched its first initiatives in Entrepreneurship development.
Conceptualized in the early 1960s by the Department of Forestry and Rural Development (later the Department of Energy, Mines and Resources), the CLI was a federal-provincial project that lasted from 1963 to 1995 and produced maps which indicated the capability of land to sustain agriculture, forestry, recreation and wildlife; its geographic extent was all of Canada except the North (i.e. below the tree line).
Conceptually, a command center is a source of leadership and guidance to ensure that service and order is maintained, rather than an information center or help desk.
Conceptually a descendant of the BH-1 sports plane, it was a braced, low-wing monoplane of conventional configuration and tailskid undercarriage.
Conceptually, a join point exists where a precondition for a command in Hoare logic makes an assertion parametric upon the joint and several advice supplied by the different concerns at that point in a generalized abstract process, the unified thing composed from its concrete aspects being the pointcut.
Conceptually and in content, it is an expanded and continually updated online version of the SIAR's 1998 Biographical Lexicon of Swiss Art, which featured 12,000 short entries and some 1,100 detailed biographical articles.
Conceptually and in principle, morality and a religious value system are two distinct kinds of value systems or action guides.
Conceptually and theoretically, the field is related to fields as diverse as cognitive genomics, neurogenetics, developmental neuroscience, neuroethology, comparative psychology, evo-devo, behavioral neuroscience, cognitive neuroscience, behavioral ecology, biological anthropology and sociobiology.
Conceptually, a quasi-peak detector for EMC testing works like a peak detector followed by a lossy integrator.
Conceptually, biogenesis is primarily attributed to Louis Pasteur and encompasses the belief that complex living things come only from other living things, by means of reproduction.
Conceptually, civil law proceeds from abstractions, formulates general principles, and distinguishes substantive rules from procedural rules.
Conceptually, DFZ routers have a "complete" BGP table, sometimes referred to as the Internet routing table, global routing table or global BGP table, but, realistically, the widespread use of route filtering and the rapid rate of change in Internet routing ensure that no router anywhere has an absolutely complete view of all routes, and any such routing table would, in any case, look different from the perspective of different routers, even if a stable view could be achieved.
Conceptually, each application is completely isolated from all other applications.
Conceptually, humor is subdivided into two elements: cognitive and affective.
Conceptually, in an event store, only the events of a dossier or policy are stored.
Conceptually, it can be formed in the body as a metabolic degradation product from [[phenobarbital]].
Conceptually it involves a mathematical embedding from a space with one dimension per word to a continuous vector space with a much lower dimension.
Conceptually, it is easy to see in the cauda, the root of the modern term, coda, which arrived when Latin was replaced by Italian as the musical lingua franca.
Conceptually it is similar to Digital Command Control (DCC), the industry's open standard used by HO scale and other 2-rail DC trains.
Conceptually it is similar to the Russian 2S23 "Nona-SVK" (the turret and weapon system of the 2S9 Nona mounted on a BTR-80 chassis) three of which China purchased for evaluation; at one time it was reported that China would purchase 100 of the Russian vehicles however this failed to occur, nor does it appear that there was a formal transfer of technology to China.
Conceptually, it resides between a device such as a mobile phone, a computer, or any remotely controlled machine and provides connection with its core network (CN).
Conceptually, it was similar to an advanced game of hide and seek.
Conceptually, MPAR can scan at angles as high as 60 degrees in elevation, and simultaneously track meteorological phenomena, biological flyers, non-cooperative aircraft, and air traffic.
Conceptually, patient health record data is classified as Longitudinal Records (EHR-LR) and Care Records (EHR-CR).
Conceptually, "Police Doggy" continues the theme that originated on the P-Funk All-Stars album "Dope Dogs".
Conceptually, Radio Daze was similar to Rhino Records's Super Hits of the 70s: Have a Nice Day album series, first released in 1990 (with a follow-up series of albums in 1993, and additional three volumes issued in 1996).
Conceptually, Re-birth is often considered one of, the first, if not the first, psychedelic albums, for both the topics discussed, and the crude arrangements recorded by classically trained musicians.
Conceptually, reintermediation can be thought of as an answer to disintermediation, which is the movement of investment funds away from financial intermediaries into other investments.
Conceptually, Relapse concerns the ending of his drug rehabilitation, rapping after a non-fictional relapse, and the return of his Slim Shady alter-ego.
Conceptually similar to DFW's preceding R.I and R.II designs, the R.III was to have been a much larger aircraft, powered by eight engines.
Conceptually similar to the Tobin tax, it would affect a wider range of asset classes including the purchase and sale of stocks, bonds, commodities, unit trusts, mutual funds, and derivatives such as futures and options.
Conceptually, targeting and editing could focus on host cellular co-receptors for HIV or on proviral HIV DNA.
Conceptually, the aggregate "intermediate consumption" is equal to the amount of the difference between gross output (roughly, the total sales value) and net output (gross value added or GDP).
Conceptually, the album centered on the idea of Girl Power, and the hype surrounding the group was compared to Beatlemania.
Conceptually, the boundary between east and west is cultural, rather than geographical, as a result of which Australia is typically grouped in the West, while Islamic nations and much of the former Soviet Union (like Russia) are, regardless of location, grouped in the East.
Conceptually, the method is similar to U-TDOA, however, it involves time difference measurements being made in the handset rather than the network, and a mechanism to pseudo-synchronize the network.
Conceptually, there is evidence of this sort of team being formed, or at least mooted, since the 1730s.
Conceptually, there is no clear theme to the structure of these regions.
Conceptually, there is single global memory and a "switch" that connects an arbitrary processor to memory at any time step.
Conceptually, these reflexes are "hard-wired" before birth and are therefore able to be elicited in the newborn.
Conceptually, the Shell namespace may be regarded as a larger and more inclusive version of the file system.
Conceptually, the total number of simulation runs is twice the number of pins (since each pin is stuck in one of two ways, and both faults should be detected).
Conceptually, the West Bridge parallels and complements the decentralization represented by the North Bridge and the South Bridge.
Conceptually, transliteracy is situated across five capabilities: information capabilities (see information literacy), ICT (information and communication technologies), communication and collaboration, creativity and critical thinking.
Conceptual metaphors are seen in language in our everyday lives.
Conceptual metaphors are used very often to understand theories and models.
Conceptual metaphors shape not just our communication, but also shape the way we think and act.
Conceptual modeling is about describing the semantics of software applications at a high level of abstraction.
Conceptual modeling should not be confused with other modeling disciplines such as data modeling, logical modeling and physical modeling.
Conceptual models are often abstractions of things in the real world whether physical or social.
Conceptual necessity is a property of the certainty with which a state of affairs, as presented by a certain description, occurs: it occurs by conceptual necessity if and only if it occurs just by virtue of the meaning of the description.
Conceptual photography is a type of photography that illustrates an idea.
Conceptual physics is an approach to teaching physics that focuses on the ideas of physics rather than the often daunting mathematics.
Conceptual Physics: Matter in Motion by Jae R. Ballif and William E. Dibble was published in 1969.
Conceptual semantics is a framework for semantic analysis developed mainly by Ray Jackendoff in 1976.
Conceptual the differences between the three terms come from a framework structure and the different methods used in solving complex issues.
"Conceptual uncertainty" is where the language is unclear, something which leads to the trust being declared invalid.
Conceptual versions of Acosmism are found in eastern and western philosophies.
Concept vehicles of the Lunar Electric Rover (and later, the SEV) were tested during the Desert Research and Technology Studies in 2008, 2009, 2010 and 2011.
Concept work began in spring of 2001, after Ubisoft acquired the Prince of Persia catalog.
Concept work for Xenosaga Episode III began during the later development of Xenosaga Episode II in 2004.
Concern about adverse effects has led to revised guidelines that alter the recommended frequency and methods/locations for both vaccination of dogs and feline vaccination.
Concern about bad breath is the third most common reason people seek dental care, after tooth decay and gum disease.
Concern about the higher speeds of foreign boats had prompted the Admiralty to order new destroyers capable of 30 knots, rather than the 27 knot requirement which had been standard.
Concern about the risk of fatality due to gravity's pull on coconuts led local officials in Queensland, Australia to remove coconut trees from beaches in 2002.
Concern arose about enough resources being available, especially when those born in the baby boom time period started having kids of their own.
Concern at the use of titles which lack legal standing or a basis in tradition have prompted increased vigilance and denunciation.
Concern could be given to sustainability within the resource base, instead of monetary profitability, so as to ensure continued operation of all social-industrial functions.
Concerned about conservation, it established the non-profit MacGillivray Freeman Films Educational Foundation and One World One Ocean.
Concerned about environmental issues, the CPPA has raised awareness about illegal logging, and environmental degradation, in Vietnam, Laos, Cambodia and elsewhere.
Concerned about growing instability in the Middle East, the Council demanded that the cease-fire they ordered be rigorously respected, reaffirmed resolution 242 and urged all parties to extend their fullest co-operation to the Special Representative of the Secretary-General.
Concerned about how hard he is working at odd jobs to meet his financial obligations, his friends - a doctor visiting from back home and his neighbor, Cynthia Mason, in whom he has more than a passing interest - urge him to marry Gladys Cady, whose father is a wealthy industrialist.
Concerned about problems he saw among agents, he went public as a whistleblower to bring attention to procedural errors and misconduct by agents.
Concerned about stability in Central Africa and the potential for intervention, Gabon has been directly involved with mediation efforts in Chad, Central African Republic, Republic of Congo, Angola, and former Zaire.
Concerned about the AFAs' dwindling numbers and attempting to capitalize on a recent spate of unexpected national attention, LaVerle and a partner, Elder Stark, set out on a mission to bring converts to the faith.
Concerned about the competition, the Milwaukee Road finally extended its line from Brodhead, making New Glarus its new terminus.
Concerned About the Death Penalty (CCATDP) is a national network of conservative Republicans and Libertarians calling for a re-examination of the American system of capital punishment.
Concerned about the effect of assimilation on the tribe's children, she wanted to preserve the traditional stories of her people.
Concerned about the party's direction, Costello left his post to become full-time industrial correspondent of the Morning Star, serving in the role through the UK miners' strike.
Concerned Alumni of Princeton (CAP) was a group of politically conservative former Princeton University students that existed between 1972 and 1986.
Concerned appears to be called "For Your Own Concern" although it was called "Concerned" by the InI group.
Concerned at what Mir Muhammad might do next, the Governor of Baghdad declared him as a Pasha.
Concerned by abusive posts emanating from certain anonymous-posting sites, Depew developed ARMM to allow news administrators to automatically issue cancel messages for such posts.
Concerned by the Conservative Party majority in the 1900 UK general election and the establishment of the Labor Representation Committee (LRC), he called the "Democratic Convention", aiming to bring together liberals and socialists on a basic democratic program, inspired by Chartism.
Concerned by the lack of willingness to address the real current state of the environment he left the BBC and started his own independent production company, Living Planet Productions, which has made over 100 films on a wide range of environmental topics.
Concerned by the wider production consequences of this lack of adequate supply of jet engines, the British Air Ministry recognized the potential value of adopting a single-engined aircraft over the twin-engine configuration of the Meteor, leading to the issuing of Specification E.5/42, calling for the design and manufacture of such a fighter.
Concerned community members are able to bring historic buildings and landscapes that are under threat to the attention of the trust.
Concerned comunes are Urbe and Sassello.
Concerned ex-patients, and parents of ex-patients, contacted the media, leading to a flurry of media coverage regarding the issue.
Concerned follows a similar path through the eyes of "Gordon Frohman", a dangerously clumsy character who arrives in the setting of the game a few weeks before Freeman does.
Concerned Foreign Service Officers (CFSO) is a group of current and former Foreign Service and Civil Service employees of the U.S. Department of State, cofounded by William Savich and Daniel M. Hirsch, created to investigate, document and expose alleged misuse of the security clearance process by the State Department's Diplomatic Security Service (DSS).
Concerned Foreign Service Officers is allied with the National Security Whistle Blowers Coalition.
Concerned for his safety, Lois then decides to admit him to a nursing home in Florida, in an attempt to help him adjust to life as an older man.
Concerned governments signed a memorandum of understanding on industrial co-operation on their new generation lightweight torpedo programs.
Concerned has been well-received by critics and fans alike.
Concerned locals rallied to save Klein Bonaire and raise funds to do so and The Foundation for the Preservation of Klein Bonaire (FPKB) was born.
Concerned mainly with evangelical work and mission schools, it closed in the 1960s and was succeeded by a church of the United Church of Zambia.
Concerned more with his personal wealth than contributing to colonial society, Loane became well-known within the colony for his unscrupulous actions and unceasing litigation.
Concerned over the structural integrity of school buildings, especially when facing an earthquake, he undertook special measures, collecting funds to strengthen existing structures.
Concerned parents were worried about the detrimental effect on their children's psyches due to the fact that their children would potentially be upset by being unable to emulate such an advanced ninja skill.
Concerned Philosophers For Peace (CPP) is an organization of professional philosophers founded in 1981.
Concerned Republicans, formed in December 2006, is an umbrella political groups which plans to run independent republican candidates in the 2007 Northern Ireland Assembly election on a manifesto of non-endorsement of the Police Service of Northern Ireland and would be anti-Good Friday Agreement and anti-St Andrews Agreement.
Concerned residents on the Isle of Wight held a meeting about the future of the Isle of Wight NHS Trust and the partnership with Ryhurst, in December 2014.
Concerned that dramatic actions would alienate legislators in the heavily segregated American South, he limited his activities on the issue and confined his justifying rhetoric to legal arguments.
Concerned that he would be fired if his editors learned the writing team had split, Grant alerted no one to the change, and decided to continue writing stories in the pattern of the first for the duration of his original contract.
Concerned that Pope's army would combine forces with Maj. Gen. George B. McClellan's Army of the Potomac and overwhelm him, Lee sent Maj. Gen. Thomas J. "Stonewall" Jackson north to intercept Pope's advance toward Gordonsville.
Concerned that the only off-world film library was consumed by mainstream American films, they conducted a poll and wrote to NASA with some more varied suggestions from members.
Concerned that the sale of items such as bongs and rolling papers, along with books and magazines devoted to the era's drug culture promoted and encouraged illegal recreational drug use, the board of trustees of the village of Hoffman Estates, Illinois, passed an ordinance requiring that vendors of drug paraphernalia obtain a license to do so, as they lacked the power to ban their sale outright.
Concerned that they would each introduce different, incompatible ETC systems, the California State Legislature passed Senate Bill 1523 in 1990, requiring the California Department of Transportation (Caltrans) to develop a statewide specification that all these toll agencies were required to meet.
Concerned that traditional Conservative voters were expressing their disapproval with the government's economic policies by switching to the Liberals, Harold Macmillan planned to replace his Chancellor of the Exchequer, Selwyn Lloyd, with Reginald Maudling.
Concerned: The Half-Life and Death of Gordon Frohman is a webcomic created by Christopher C. Livingston, parodying the first-person shooter video game Half-Life 2.
Concerned with collecting data about the history of wars and conflict among states, the project has driven forward quantitative research into the causes of warfare.
Concerned with concrete poetry, mail art, photography, performance, electrography, video, web.art and music.
Concerned with dramatizing essential American values, he began a story in verse called Washington's Night, depicting the psychological, political and military pressures on George Washington in December 1776, and culminating in his victory at the Battle of Trenton on December 26.
Concerned with human rights violations occurring in the proximity of US forces in Haiti in September 1994 and perceiving what appeared to be indifference on the part of his command toward those suffering from these violations, he conducted an unauthorized survey of the National Penitentiary in Port-au-Prince for which he was court martialed and dismissed from active service.
Concerned with the high cost of British Army units acting as police forces in Palestine, Winston Churchill decided that an elite police force similar to the Royal Canadian Mounted Police or South African Constabulary be created for Mandatory Palestine.
Concerned with the long nineteenth century, its legacies, and echoes in the present day, the journal encourages articles which interrogate periodization, historiography and critical traditions.
Concerned with the nature of thought, emotion and behavior, Mazdaznan taught that the practical aspects of personal health could be achieved through conscious breathing, "Gah-Llama".
Concerned with what they saw as a diversion between Christian faith and a commitment to social justice, the Chicago Declaration was written as a call to reject racism, economic materialism, economic inequality, militarism, and gender roles.
Concerned with young women's health and hygiene, she established the Evening Dispensary for Women in 1893, the Emmaus Home for Girls, a precursor to the St. Louis Young Women's Christian Association, in 1904, and a free evening clinic for women in 1908.
Concern for others is an outgrowth of their dependence on one another.
Concern for the escalating global HIV/AIDS pandemic has prompted Messer to travel and speak in Asia, Africa and Latin America, as well as to initiate a Center for the Church and Global AIDS that serves as a catalyst for Christian involvement in the major issues related to global HIV and AIDS, world hunger, and clean water.
Concern for the family's reputation is real because background checks for marriage and employment might include asking neighbors their opinions about a family.
Concern for these children and others to come are the basis for both opposition to and support for marriage for LGBT couples.
Concern from the Independent Broadcasting Authority about the lack of a proper local news service at weekends forced LWT to introduce its own service of LWT News bulletins throughout the weekend in 1988 (the bulletins were produced originally by the news agency 'Screen News').
Concern has also been expressed that the Alliance is "giving cover to the far right" and "uses a secret Facebook page full of violent, racist and misogynistic posts".
Concern has arisen in recent years over increasing rates of resistance to carbapenems, as there are few therapeutic options for treating infections caused by carbapenem-resistant bacteria (such as Klebsiella pneumoniae and other carbapenem-resistant Enterobacteriaceae).
Concerning access to improved sanitation, figures vary widely.
Concerning a small group of children on Jupiter's moon Io, the series ran for 13 episodes.
Concerning environmental policy, the importance of implementation of an eco-energy-oriented policy at a global level to address the issues of global warming and climate changes should be accentuated.
Concerning freedoms of opinion and expression, General Comment 34 made it clear that "Prohibitions of displays of lack of respect for a religion or other belief system, including blasphemy laws, are incompatible with the Covenant".
Concerning funding by the German Research Foundation (Deutsche Forschungsgemeinschaft), from 2011 to 2013 in its field of activity the faculty obtained the highest funding nationwide.
Concerning his cursus honorum, only one of his appointments is known: governor of the imperial province of Cappadocia, which he held under the usuper Macrinus from the year 217.
Concerning his life we only know that in 956 or 957 he became cellarius (cellarer), and in 965 hospitarius (hospitaller) at the Abbey of Saint Gall.
Concerning his subject matter, he likes to emphasize simpler things which suggest use by people, a time or an atmosphere.
Concerning rating scales used in the practice of medicine, see articles about diagnoses, for example, Major depressive disorder.
Concerning service quality, rationing is a constant reality in about 85% of the municipalities, including the Recife Metropolitan Region.
Concerning signs that may require further investigation include stridor, history of radiation therapy to the neck, trouble swallowing, duration of more than three weeks, and a history of smoking.
Concerning space research, he also developed a technique to evaluate the shielding effectiveness of different materials using high-energy ions.
Concerning Telete's birth, it is related that Nicaea was ashamed of having been made pregnant by Dionysus, and even attempted to hang herself; nevertheless, in due time a daughter was born to her.
Concerning the 17th Century Diggers movement, it consisted of words by Gerrard Winstanley, set to music by Rosselson and therefore has a joint writing credit.
Concerning the consolidation of the justice system in Albania EU funded the EURALIUS project.
Concerning the contents, he concentrates on anthropology of development, security and globalization.
Concerning the Entrance into Eternity is the first collaborative album by Jozef van Wissem and Jim Jarmusch.
Concerning the humanitarian situation, the Council urged donors and international organizations to contribute to the relief efforts in the former Yugoslavia, calling for full co-operation with the United Nations Protection Force to ensure the safe delivery of humanitarian aid to the affected population.
Concerning the investigation of the prospects of the industry to contribute to national development in terms of contribution to growth as a leading sector and promotion of self-reliance through net export earnings, findings show that the sector's prospects are poor in this respect as it is not above average for the Nigerian economy.
Concerning the oath of the Jews against the Christians.
Concerning the search for the murderer of several young girls, it won the 1994 Edgar Award for Best First Novel.
Concerning the side of aggregate demand, this concept has been linked to the concept of "military Keynesianism", in which the government's military budget stabilizes business cycles and fluctuations and/or is used to fight recessions.
Concerning the Stephen Lawrence murder, the claims center on former Met commander Ray Adams, who was a senior officer in the south London area where Stephen was murdered, and former detective sergeant John Davidson, who was a senior detective on the first, flawed investigation into the racist killing.
Concerning various types of anomalous phenomena including UFOs, strange falls of both organic and inorganic materials from the sky, odd weather patterns, the possible existence of creatures generally believed to be mythological, disappearances of people, and many other phenomena, the book is considered to be the first of the specific topic of anomalistics.
Concerning wastewater, the existing treatment plants do not have the capacity to treat all of the produced wastewater, causing severe water pollution.
Concerning Women is a Canadian women's current affairs television series which aired on CBC Television in 1976.
Concern is a student organization in Indian Institute of Science, which tries to generate debate on socio-politico-economic issues in the academic and scientific community of Bangalore.
Concern is expressed due to the tree's rarity in some areas of its native tropical habitat in Gabon and Cameroon, typically less than one tree per square kilometer.
Concern is related to the presence of pus or previous MRSA infections.
Concern is the trading name of CCFON Ltd, a Christian evangelical organization in the United Kingdom which seeks to introduce a more conservative Christian voice into law, the media and Government.
Concern Morinformsystem-Agat is a Russian joint stock company that engages in the development and production of integrated structures for the military-industrial sector in the Russian Federation and internationally.
Concern over HIV arose after cases were reported in the 1980s.
Concern over these incidents prompted the federal government to conduct the Royal Commission on Newspapers, commonly known as the Kent Commission.
Concern over the status implied by the term Ani is said to have led some Vajrayana Buddhist nuns in India to prefer the prefix Cho-la (a Buddhist practitioner) or Tsun-ma (reverend lady) (see reference below).
Concern over which children are fathered by which brother falls on the wife alone.
Concerns about copyrights led Apple and Facebook to remove Grooveshark's applications from the iOS App Store and Facebook platform respectively.
Concerns about even low levels of exposure began in the 1970s; in the decades since, scientists have concluded that no safe threshold for lead exposure exists.
Concerns about human health and the environment of Agbogbloshie continue to be raised as the area remains heavily polluted.
Concerns about Islamic radicalism and religious freedom in the region persist to this day.
Concerns about its potential use as a performance-enhancing drug for athletes have led to the development of urine tests for SM-130686 and other GHSR agonists, even though no drugs from this class have yet progressed to clinical use.
Concerns about lengthy detentions here have prompted comparisons to U.S. detention centers in Guantanamo Bay on Cuba and Abu Graib in Iraq.
Concerns about massive growth of telephone tapping incidents led to growing demand for secure telephones.
Concerns about noise levels led to an increasing focus on opera from 1989, with productions staged by a variety of small opera companies.
Concerns about polypharmacy include increased adverse drug reactions, drug interactions, prescribing cascade, and higher costs.
Concerns about safety, privacy and noise were raised during consultative sessions.
Concerns about solubility, biodegradation, availability and other issues must be resolved before clinical development begins.
Concerns about the condition may result in anxiety.
Concerns about the ethics of inflicting this distress upon prisoners have led to some legal concerns about the constitutionality of the death penalty in the United States and other countries.
Concerns about the homeless bringing crime and reducing property values in the neighborhood prompted some local residents to try to get a court order to halt the program.
Concerns about the lack of citizen involvement in the Accord's drafting and its future effects on Canadian federalism were raised by former Prime Minister Pierre Trudeau, feminist activists, and Aboriginal groups.
Concerns about the militarization of police have been raised by both ends of the political spectrum in the United States, with both the right-of-center/libertarian Cato Institute and the American Civil Liberties Union voicing criticisms of the practice.
Concerns about the security of the Suez Canal and the importance of maintaining British military installations were also discussed (see Suez War) as were the economic situation and the objectives for development and strengthening of the Pound sterling area set out at the 1952 Commonwealth Prime Ministers' Economic Conference.
Concerns about these systems have centered on privacy fears of government tracking citizens' movements, misidentification, high error rates, and increased government spending.
Concerns about the state of the river and the potential for flooding lead to the creation of the locally based management team in 2007.
Concerns about this procedure contributing to increasing numbers of antibiotic resistant organisms have been expressed.
Concerns are also raised about security of potable water supplies in areas where 1080 is applied.
Concerns around second-hand smoke have played a central role in the debate over the harms and regulation of tobacco products.
Concerns by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer's (MGM) legal department about using "U.N." for commercial purposes resulted in the producers' clarification that U.N.C.L.E. was an acronym for the United Network Command for Law and Enforcement.
Concerns existed about the financial implications for the city of the scale of the infrastructure and Games project, making delivery of the Games plans more difficult.
Concerns exist regarding the economic viability of these technologies and the timeframe of delivery, potentially high hidden economic costs in terms of social and environmental damage, and the costs and viability of disposing of removed carbon and other toxic matter.
Concerns exist that injecting it into a joint can cause problems with the cartilage.
Concerns for marginalized individuals in an already-marginalized community include intercultural competence, the school-to-prison pipeline, and school expulsions.
Concerns grew that the pool was attracting the wrong kind of person and various steamy newspaper articles sealed its fate.
Concerns have also been raised internationally through the European Court of Human Rights arguing that use of a truth serum could be considered a violation of a human right to be free from degrading treatment, or could be considered a form of torture.
Concerns have been expressed about conduct by insurgents, the U.S.-led coalition forces and the Iraqi government.
Concerns have been expressed about growing crops for fuel use rather than food and the environmental impacts of large-scale agriculture and land clearing required to expand the production of vegetable oil for fuel use.
Concerns have been expressed both by Christian missionaries and by those opposed to Christian missions that people in these situations are only nominally converting to Christianity in order to receive charity or material advancements.
Concerns have been raised about abuse of CPAs by companies to withdraw money from the accounts of unsuspecting customers, who often do not realize the terms and conditions associated with use of the service.
Concerns have been raised about its negative effects and some local government jurisdictions have called for a moratorium on fracking but this has been rejected by the government.
Concerns have been raised about the hygienic standards of processing and safety of roadside Suya.
Concerns have been raised by market goers and local community groups that the markets could lose their distinctive West End feel.
Concerns have been raised (especially among Catholics) about the bodies' origins, about the ethics of having human remains on display, and about the ethics of allowing children to view displays containing human remains.
Concerns have been raised over the potential role of agriculture in turning the bogong moth into a biovector of arsenic in the Australian Alps.
Concerns have focused on food additives, blood sugar regulation, food allergies and intolerances, and vitamin, mineral and fatty acid deficiencies.
Concerns have recently been raised about the security of the staff and visitors at the prison as well as prison overcrowding.
Concerns have sometimes been raised about such media consolidation resulting in less diversity of ideas, less competition in the newspaper business, or unfair competition.
Concerns include the possibility of QT prolongation.
Concerns include the production, gathering, recording, processing, storing, representing, sharing, transmitting, retrieving, distribution, and dissemination of information, as well as its social and cultural impacts.
Concerns of bad breath may be divided into genuine and non-genuine cases.
Concerns of the art movement centered around rejection of the commercialization of art-making and enthusiasm with an emergent ecological movement.
Concerns over due process surfaced following the trial, including allegations of torture, forced confessions, and intimidation.
Concerns over nuclear waste accumulation and over the destructive potential of nuclear weapons are a counterbalance to the peaceful desire to use fission as an energy source.
Concerns over the beautiful square, which is called the Signoria.
Concerns over the comic's violent content saw it withdrawn from sale on 16 October 1976.
Concerns over the negative impact of innovation diminished.
Concerns over the ships' cost and technological risk led the government to cancel the DDL project in 1973 on the RAN's advice, and a variant of the United States' Oliver Hazard Perry-class frigate was procured instead.
Concerns over toxicity of these compounds have led to a worldwide ban by the International Maritime Organization.
Concerns raised in merger discussions include the cost to taxpayers, agreement on public works projects, and the sense of community identity.
Concerns regarding foreign ownership generally pertain to ownership of previously 'Canadian' assets by individuals or companies based in countries outside of Canada.
Concerns regarding same-sex marriage and the family are at the forefront of the controversies over legalization of same-sex marriage.
Concerns relating to drug trafficking from Latin America were raised as well as financial stability.
Concerns remain about high per student costs among some community members.
Concerns remain about trafficking-related police complicity, inadequate victim identification among the Hellenic Coast Guard, border police, and vice police, as well as inadequate funding for anti-trafficking NGOs.
Concerns such as foot traffic, storefront visibility, and appealing interior design apply to brick-and-mortar businesses rather than online ones.
Concerns that employers have may include the lack of productivity, the unprofessional appearance, and danger that may occur when the employee's duties involve watching to prevent a hazardous situation.
Concerns that rapid urban development will result in the removal of these trees especially due to the widening or realignment of these roads, the authorities identified 5 roads from a list of 55 suggested by the National Parks Board.
Concerns were also expressed about Britain's prospective membership in the Common Market and the possible impact on trade relations between the United Kingdom and the Commonwealth.
Concerns were raised about the potential destruction of bear and other wildlife habitat as well as arsenic levels found on a piece of land previously given to the county to settle bankruptcy claims.
Concerns were raised regarding illegal tolls levied on foreign ships transiting the Danube in the territory of Serbia and Montenegro.
Concerns were renewed during the 2009 eruptions of Redoubt.
Concerns when creating corridors include correctly assessing demand and viability, transport options for goods and workers, land values, and economic incentives for companies.
Concerns with environmental goods focus on the effects that the exploitation of ecological systems have on the economy, the well-being of humans and other species, and on the environment.
Concerns with regard to recidivism and other law and order issues have led to the introduction of mandatory sentencing.
Concerns with the price and availability of indium in CIGS and tellurium in CdTe, as well as toxicity of cadmium have been a large motivator to search for alternative thin film solar cell materials.
Concern Universal was created by Father Raymond Kennedy and a group of volunteers who had been working in developing countries during the late 1960s and early 1970s.
Concern was again expressed at violations of the arms embargo against Rwanda.
Concern was also evident over a projected long-term sea level rise, which would prove disastrous to the low-lying coral islands.
Concern was also expressed at buildup of military forces and armaments in the Republic of Cyprus, and tension was also increasing over military training flights.
Concern was also expressed at violations of measures in Resolution 864 (1993) and long duration of peace talks in Lusaka, Zambia, appealing to both the Government of Angola and UNITA to reach an early and comprehensive peace settlement.
Concern was also expressed at violations of the arms embargo against UNITA in Resolution 864 (1993).
Concern was expressed about the violations of the arms embargo and regretted that talks in Geneva had been broken off.
Concern was expressed at continuing flow of weapons into the country in violation of an arms embargo, and that as a result of poor security, the humanitarian situation had deteriorated.
Concern was expressed at delays in the implementation of parts of the Accords with regards to demobilization and the formation of the Mozambican Defense Forces.
Concern was expressed at inter- and intra-factional fighting in parts of Liberia which had a detrimental effect on the civilian population and the efforts of humanitarian agencies to provide relief.
Concern was expressed at the build up of weapons by Somali factions in several areas of the country.
Concern was expressed at the continuation of the systematic and widespread killings of civilians in Rwanda to which the international community must respond.
Concern was expressed at the deteriorating humanitarian situation in Haiti and the international community was urged to assist in this regard.
Concern was expressed at the humanitarian situation in Yemen, so the Secretary-General was requested to use all resources to address those affected by the conflict and facilitate the distribution of humanitarian aid.
Concern was expressed at the lack of complete quartering of UNITA's troops in accordance with Resolution 1045 (1996), and was called on to complete this, hand over weapons to UNAVEM III and release all prisoners unconditionally by June 1996.
Concern was expressed at the lack of progress in the peace process over the past three months.
Concern was expressed at the Palestinian casualties in the occupied Palestinian territory as a result of the massacre, which took place during the Muslim month of Ramadan, which underlined the need to provide protection and security for the Palestinian people.
Concern was expressed at the slow progress in the peace talks and emphasized the need for the immediate implementation of confidence-building measures.
Concern was expressed at violence by unaffiliated groups and called for measures to disarm them.
Concern was expressed by the Council at the lack of breakthrough in talks between both sides, particularly due to the position taken by the Abkhaz side.
Concern was expressed for the deteriorating situation in Yemen, in particular the humanitarian situation and at the provision of arms and other materiel.
Concern was expressed that the prize had been awarded to a painting which did not fulfill the prize's criteria.
Concern was raised over whether some riders needing to transfer would have to pay a second fare when boarding another bus, but MTA stated that there would be no second fare.
Concern was then expressed at reports of violence in the capital Mogadishu, violence against UNOSOM II and the lack of law enforcement and legal institutions in the country.
Concern with social issues has been a recurring theme in the church's history.
Concert 10 represented a successful revival of the American summer rock festival after the repeated failure of U.S. festivals during the previous two years.
Concert 10 was a rock concert at Pocono International Raceway in Long Pond, Pennsylvania on July 8 and 9 of 1972.
Concert appearances to date have been in the UK, Canada, France, and Germany.
Concert arias have usually been composed for particular singers, the composer always bearing that singer's voice and skill in mind when composing the work.
Concert Artist/Fidelio Recordings was a British classical music record label, situated in Royston, Hertfordshire, England, and owned and operated by William Barrington-Coupe.
Concert Artists of Baltimore is a combination chamber orchestra and vocal ensemble in Baltimore, Maryland.
Concert at the Crescendo Vol.
Concert Ballet of Virginia, a non-profit organization located in Hanover County near Richmond, Virginia, is a collection of professional dancers, choreographers, technicians, craft and stage people as well as volunteers organized to stage dance productions throughout Virginia.
Concert by the Sea is a live album by pianist Erroll Garner, released on Columbia Records in 1955.
Concert Choir and Lancer Singers are both audition-based.
Concert Choir The Concert Choir is the intermediate group, composed of all ages, which also tours extensively.
Concert Classics is a live album by Roxy Music.
Concert Classics is an album recorded live by the British band UK.
Concert Communications Services was a $1 billion joint venture, originally launched June 1994 by BT Group and MCI Communications.
Concert dance (also known as performance dance or theater dance in the United Kingdom) is dance performed for an audience.
Concert dates include the Reading and the Hanover based Womad Festivals, and guest appearances in Germany with Asian Dub Foundation and Buju Banton.
Concerted cultivation also emphasizes the use of reasoning skills and variations in language use.
Concerted cultivation causes a transmission of differential advantages, meaning they end up having a financial and educational advantage in life over children reared based on other methods.
Concerted cultivation is a style of parenting.
Concerted efforts have led to the freeing of thousands of slaves in recent years.
Concerted evolution is a process that may explain the observation that paralogous genes within one species are more closely related to each other than to members of the same gene family in another species, even though the gene duplication event preceded the speciation event.
Concerted operations began after an insurgent attack on PRT Kunduz within minutes of German Chancellor Angela Merkel's departure from a visit.
Concerted reaction rates tend not to depend on solvent polarity ruling out large buildup of charge in the transition state.
Concert etiquette refers to a set of social norms observed by those attending musical performances.
Concert for George is a 2003 British documentary film directed by David Leland that covers the events of the Concert for George, a tribute concert for George Harrison held at the Royal Albert Hall in London on 29 November 2002.
Concert for George is a live tribute soundtrack album in honor of George Harrison, issued in 2003 in conjunction with the simultaneous DVD release of the same name.
Concert for Greenland was performed at P.S. 122 (Performance Space 122) in New York.
Concertgebouw de Vereeniging is a concert hall located in Nijmegen, Netherlands.
Concertgebouw de Vereeniging is a designated Rijksmonument.
Concert-goers can watch acts from the floor, the tables to the side of the room, or the second floor balcony.
Concertgoers typically respond to the chorus line of "fins to the left, fins to the right" by extending their arms above their heads in a fin shape and moving them from left to right.
Concert goers who wish to learn more about music might enjoy attending a master class.
Concert Grand pianos and attempt to emulate all aspects of conventional piano sound and play, down to the tactile response of keys and pedals.
Concert Hall (also known as Concert Hall in Limoges) is a concert hall designed by famous architect Bernard Tschumi.
Concert Hall Gold Coast Art Center Seagulls, Tweed Tweed Civic Center Empire Theater, ToowoombaThe orchestra has performed with the Gold Coast City Ballet, Opera Queensland and Dragon Tenors.
Concert halls typically also contain orchestral rehearsal rooms.
Concertina movement is the movement occurring in snakes and other legless organisms that consists of gripping or anchoring with portions of the body while pulling or pushing other sections in the direction of movement.
Concertinas (including the English concertina, Anglo concertina and bandoneon) play single notes (melody) on both left and right hands.
Concertina wire or Dannert Wire is a type of barbed wire or razor wire that is formed in large coils which can be expanded like a concertina (a small hand-held bellows-type instrument in the same family as the accordion).
Concert in Blue (stylised as CONCERT IN~BLUE) is an in-studio live performance installation, also released as film, (the second live release) by Swedish audiovisual project iamamiwhoami, led by singer-songwriter Jonna Lee.
Concertino for Harpsichord and String Orchestra is a short harpsichord concerto written in 1934 by English composer Walter Leigh.
Concertino is the diminutive of concerto, thus literally a small or short concerto.
Concert in the Garden is the fourth studio album by American jazz composer Maria Schneider.
Concert in the Virgin Islands is an album by American pianist, composer and bandleader Duke Ellington recorded and released on the Reprise label in 1965.
Concert is the largest developer of rental housing in Western canada.
Concert master of the sessions was Felix Slatkin.
Concert McDuff is a live album by organist Jack McDuff recorded at the Golden Circle in Stockholm in 1964 and released on the Prestige label.
Concerto 1 is a submarine telecommunications cable system in the North Sea connecting the UK, Netherlands and Belgium.
Concerto 1 was built in 1999 by Alcatel for Flute ltd, part of the Interoute group.
Concerto Barocco is a ballet made for students at the School of American Ballet by George Balanchine, subsequently ballet master and co-founder of New York City Ballet, to Johann Sebastian Bach's Concerto in D minor for Two Violins, BWV 1043.
Concerto Barocco subsequently entered the repertory of the Ballet Russe de Monte Carlo, premiering on September 9, 1945, at New York City Center.
Concerto Copenhagen, also known as CoCo, is a Danish period instrument orchestra, established in 1991 and directed since 1999 by harpsichordist Lars Ulrik Mortensen.
Concerto DSCH is a ballet by Alexei Ratmansky choreographed for the New York City Ballet to the music of Dmitri Shostakovich's Piano Concerto No. 2 in F Major, Op.
Concert of Intrigue (Italian: Tradita) is a 1954 Italian historical melodrama film directed by Mario Bonnard and starring Brigitte Bardot.
Concerto for Clarinet & Combo (full title Premiere Recording of Concerto for Clarinet & Combo by Bill Smith, with the Composer on Clarinet, & Bags' Groove, Sophisticated Rabbit, My Old Flame) is an album by drummer Shelly Manne's group Shelly Manne & His Men recorded at sessions in 1955 and 1957 and released on the Contemporary label.
Concerto for Constantine is an unsigned Irish indie rock band formed in August 2007.
Concerto for Free Bass Accordion was written for the solo Free-bass system accordion by John Serry, Sr. in 1964 and was revised in 1966.
Concerto for String Quartet and Chamber Orchestra (2008) by Persian composer Mehdi Hosseini performed in Saint-Petersburg, 23 May 2010, by the Saint-Petersburg State Philharmonic Symphony Orchestra conducted by Brad Cawyer.
Concerto for Trombone is a 1942 instrumental crossover work in three movements, which trombonist Tommy Dorsey, one of the best known musical entertainment stars of his time, commissioned Nathaniel Shilkret, a noted conductor and composer of music for recording, radio and film, to write.
Concerto for Two Pianos and Orchestra is a piano concerto by the British composer Ralph Vaughan Williams.
Concerto for Wind Ensemble is a concerto for wind ensemble in five movements by the American composer Steven Bryant.
Concerto Grosso in D Blues is an album by flutist Herbie Mann merging jazz with a classical music recorded in 1968 and released on the Atlantic label.
Concerto Grosso is a work for string orchestra by Ralph Vaughan Williams.
Concerto in "B Goode" is the thirteenth studio album by Chuck Berry, released in 1969 by Mercury Records.
Concerto in F is a composition by George Gershwin for solo piano and orchestra which is closer in form to a traditional concerto than the earlier jazz-influenced Rhapsody in Blue.
Concerto in True Minor is the debut studio release of the metal/classical combining project True Symphonic Rockestra.
Concerto is a live album by Roxy Music.
Concerto is a one-act ballet in three movements created by Kenneth MacMillan in 1966 for the Berliner Ballett.
Concerto is a web-based digital signage application licensed under the Apache License and written using the Ruby on Rails programming framework.
Concerto is the twenty-fourth episode of the third series of the 1960s cult British spy-fi television series The Avengers, starring Patrick Macnee and Honor Blackman.
Concerto Maximo is a live album by the British progressive rock band Pendragon, released in 2009, recorded in Katowice, on October 13, 2008.
Concerto No. 2 in D major K. 211 was composed by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart in 1775.
Concerto pour une Voix (Concerto for one Voice) is a contemporary classical song written by the French composer Saint-Preux in 1969, combining elements from popular music and electronic music.
Concerto Project Management is a web-based project-management solution, first launched in 2004 by Concerto Integrated Software Solutions.
Concerto Projects is provided via a proprietary based license, cloud based, see Cloud computing, or hosted in-house.
Concert orchestra performs at the Indianapolis Artsgarden throughout the season and joins the other orchestras for a season finale at the Hilbert Circle Theater which takes place usually on Mother's day.
Concertos from My Childhood is a collection of famous student concertos, performed by Itzhak Perlman.
Concertos is the 31st album by Michael Nyman, released in 1997.
Concerto Suite for Electric Guitar and Orchestra (also known as Concerto Suite for Electric Guitar and Orchestra in E Flat Minor Op.1) is the eleventh studio album by guitarist Yngwie Malmsteen, released on 30 June 1998 through Spitfire Records.
Concerto Teatro Uomo is a live album by Italian Jazz fusion band Area released in 1996 and recorded in 1977 in Milan, while the band was supporting their fifth album Maledetti (Maudits).
Concerto Vocale is a Belgian musical ensemble for baroque music.
Concerto was a Canadian music television miniseries which aired on CBC Television in 1976.
Concerto was the first tablet computer manufactured by Compaq on a large scale, and can be considered a very early form of a 2-in-1 PC.
Concert owns properties in the Greater Toronto Area, Metropolitan Vancouver and Victoria, British Columbia, including 7,600 homes, 500,000 square feet of commercial space and 18 Police facilities in Ontario and three Tapestry retirement communities.
Concert parties were traveling shows of songs and comedy, often put on at the seaside and opening with a Pierrot number.
Concert performances are commonly presented in concert halls without a theater stage, but occasionally also in opera houses when a scenic production is deemed too difficult or expensive.
Concert photography, especially from the beginning of the 90s, accounts for the majority of the agency's collection.
Concert photography is the photography of activities relating to concerts and music.
Concert posters, album covers, liquid light shows, liquid light art, murals, comic books, underground newspapers and more reflected not only the kaleidoscopically swirling color patterns of LSD hallucinations, but also revolutionary political, social and spiritual sentiments inspired by insights derived from these psychedelic states of consciousness.
Concert posters from the early 1970s printed the name as "a warehouse".
Concert programs may be put together by ensembles, conductors, or ensemble directors, and are often explained in program notes.
Concert Properties is a real estate company headquartered in Vancouver, British Columbia.
Concert reviewers gave her performances mixed reviews.
Concert reviews take note of the stunts that Wallace does with the bass, such as throwing it into the air or playing it on its side while Heath stands on top of it and plays guitar.
Concerts and exhibitions are shown when the venues are not in use.
Concerts and other cultural events are also held at the venue, with the record attendance standing at around 130,000 for a Billy Graham evangelistic crusade in 1959.
Concerts and productions are held at a variety of venues on the college's campus, including the Richard B. Fisher Center for the Performing Arts.
Concerts and recitals have also been staged in Lismore and in historic homes located along the banks of the Blackwater River downstream to the parish of Cappoquin.
Concerts and Western Culture include the bonus tracks present on their respective CD reissues.
Concerts are accompanied, occasionally, by art exhibits, featuring local and regional artists.
Concerts are from May through September featuring 45-50 different events of many types of musical styles.
Concerts are held during all season at the "Mihail Jora" Concert Studio, well known as Sala Radio (Radio Concert Hall), located in Bucharest (Romania), 60-64 General Berthelot Street.
Concerts are held during the summer from June through September with at least one performance per weekend, usually more.
Concerts are held in a wide variety and size of settings, from private houses and small nightclubs, dedicated concert halls, arenas and parks to large multipurpose buildings, and even sports stadiums.
Concerts are held in the Washington Pavilion of Arts and Science in downtown Sioux Falls.
Concerts are performed annually by Milk Inc. at Sportpaleis.
Concerts are selected, priced, and scheduled by the Board for their year-long season, which members may subscribe to on a year-to-year basis, or they may purchase tickets for individual shows.
Concerts are sometimes held at the gallery.
Concerts are staged in different venues.
Concerts are usually held in the auditorium of the Washington Irving High School.
Concerts, art exhibitions, organized leisure trips with sightseeing (often by boat/car or on foot), and activities for adults and children are usually on the program.
Concerts at the Circus-Krone-Bau in Munich and the Nippon Budokan hall in Tokyo were filmed and broadcast on local television networks.
Concerts at the Wheaton Youth Center were held in the gymnasium, which was located across from the Wheaton Library.
Concerts by popular musical artists were held at the arena from 1971 to 1980.
Concerts can be found in traditional settings such as concert houses, operas and theaters, in churches and cathedrals, within outdoor festivals or in unusual settings such as a barge tethered in the New York harbor.
Concert seating capacity is 3,500.
Concerts, educational events and other attractions highlighted the Ohio Classic Weekend.
Concert segments were linked by Troy Davies interviewing audience members and musicians.
Concert series include Tampa Bay Times Masterworks, Raymond James Pops, Coffee Concerts, Rock Concerts, free Pops in the Park Concerts, and educational Youth Concerts.
Concert Series Volume 1 is a live CD/DVD by various artists in support of the Axis of Justice organization.
Concerts, family shows, school graduations, and sporting events are also held there.
Concerts for the People of Kampuchea is a double album by Wings, the Who, Queen, Elvis Costello, Pretenders, the Clash, the Specials, and other artists featuring highlights from the Concerts for the People of Kampuchea held at the Hammersmith Odeon in London to raise money for the victims of war-torn Cambodia.
Concerts for the People of Kampuchea was a series of concerts featuring Queen, The Clash, The Pretenders, The Who, Elvis Costello, Wings, and many more artists which took place at the Hammersmith Odeon in London during December 1979 to raise money for the victims of war-torn Cambodia.
Concerts from a wide array of music genres are featured as well as artistic circus acts and modern dance presentations.
Concerts from the ranch are released on the radio show Live From Jorma Kaukonen's Fur Peace Ranch, on WOUB and PRX stations.
Concerts, graduations, Broadway stage shows and other special events, including the annual presentation of The Nutcracker, are held on the auditorium's 65-by-85.5-foot stage.
Concerts have also been promoted at concert halls such as The New London Theater, The Collegiate Theater and at the 100 Club.
Concerts have been held at the venue, such as Eagles in 2005, RBD in 2006, Scorpions in 2006, Mary J. Blige in 2007 Luis Miguel in 2007, Creedence Clearwater Revisited in 2009, Alan Jackson in 2012, Aerosmith in 2015, Kid Rock in 2017, & Blake Shelton in 2018.
Concerts have been played there by bands such as Our Lady Peace, Great Big Sea, Nazareth, Collective Soul, and Theory of a Deadman.
Concerts have taken place regularly in St. Bonifatius, Wiesbaden, and in the cathedral of Bruges in its series "Kathedraalconcerten".
Concerts in Brisbane were recorded and released to video in 2001.
Concerts in Gibraltar by well known international acts have recently given local acts a showcase for original material in their supporting roles.
Concerts in recent times have included piano triettes [three people at one piano], a choral event, song recitals and specialist concerts focusing on a particular instrument.
Concerts in the Portland area in support of the album often feature the band dressing up as zombies, with Richards doused in fake blood and playing what appears to be a damaged guitar, and various other theatrical effects that reflect the dramatic and comedic themes of the music.
Concerts is a live solo album by American pianist Keith Jarrett recorded in concert on May 28, 1981 at the Festspielhaus in Bregenz, Austria and on June 2, 1981 at the Herkulessaal in Munich, West Germany and originally released as a 3-LP set on the ECM label.
Concerts is a music promoter operating in Ireland.
Concerts, largely composed of "Scottish airs", developed in the seventeenth century and classical instruments were introduced to the country.
Concerts may involve screening a film in its entirety, or a performance of several clips and may also include commentary or interviews with composers.
Concerts often include a large massed choir from the Los Angeles area, bringing the population on stage to as many as 140 instrumentalists and singers.
Concerts often require live event support with professional audio equipment.
Concerts performed in 2008 as The Bedroom Philosopher and His Awkwardstra premiered many of the songs on the album.
Concerts reviewers have noted Kime's positive addition to songs on the tour.
Concerts take place at culturally important locations, such as Eberbach Abbey and Schloss Johannisberg, in the wine-growing Rheingau region between Wiesbaden and Lorch.
Concerts take place during the week.
Concerts take place every month - normally in the Netherlands, but also abroad regularly.
Concerts take place in Grass Valley and Nevada City.
Concerts took place in the Melodeon and the Music Hall, Boston; Brinley Hall and City Hall, Worcester, Massachusetts; Astor Opera House, New York City; Metropolitan Hall, New York City; Ocean Hall, Newport, Rhode Island; Westminster Hall, Providence; and elsewhere.
Concerts were also staged at the cinema by artists such as David Bowie, Status Quo, Nat King Cole, Johnny Cash, The Beatles, Ray Charles, The Rolling Stones, The Supremes, Rod Stewart, The Clash, The Specials, Adam and The Ants and The Who.
Concerts were given in the Old Cambridge Baptist Church and in Harvard University's Sanders Theater and were consistently reviewed by Boston newspapers.
Concerts were held at the National Stadium, Cardiff Arms Park, Cardiff, Wales, between 1987 and 1996 and included U2, Bon Jovi, Michael Jackson and The Rolling Stones.
Concerts were held in North America and Europe with a single stop in Israel.
Concert tours are often administered on the local level by concert promoters or by performing arts presenters.
Concertus Design and Property Consultants are formerly part of the property department of Suffolk County Council based in Endeavor House, Ipswich, England.
Concertus Design and Property Consultants biggest work is building/designing schools for the council as well as adding extensions to existing buildings like at Kesgrave High School.
Concert Volume Two is the fifth album by Christian singer Amy Grant, released in 1981.
ConcertWare is a music composition computer program made by Chad Mitchell of Great Wave Software for the classic Mac OS in 1984.
Concession and Agreement (full title: The Concession and Agreement of the Lords Proprietors of the Province of New Caesarea, or New Jersey, to and With All and Every the Adventurers and All Such as Shall Settle or Plant There) was a 1664 document that provided religious freedom in the colony of New Jersey.
Concession facilities include a bar, the Capitol Perks espresso bar, and a main concession stand.
Concession roads and cross-cutting sidelines or side roads were laid out in an orthogonal (rectangular or square) grid plan, often aligned so that concession roads ran (approximately) parallel to the north shore of Lake Ontario, or to the southern boundary line of a county.
Concessions are open from Memorial Day weekend through Labor Day, though the park is open year round and some events are held in the off-season.
Concessions are purchased using a token system and many street vendors set up food and souvenir stands.
Concessions in China were a group of concessions within China, governed and occupied by foreign powers, that are frequently associated with colonialism.
Concessions include a Devon House ice cream shop.
Concession stands were woefully inadequate.
Concession Street is an Upper City (mountain) arterial road in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada.
Concessions were also given on charges for transportation of raw materials from the nearest railhead outside the state beside provision of other marginal benefits.
Concetta Anna Fierravanti-Wells (born 20 May 1960) is an Australian politician.
Concetta "Connie" Wagner (born July 7, 1948) is an American Democratic Party politician, who had served in the New Jersey General Assembly since January 8, 2008, where she had represented the 38th legislative district until her resignation on October 1, 2013.
Concetta Hospital is a general hospital based in Kinnigoli, Dakshina Kannada District Karnataka, India.
Concetta Hospital, which was started in 1958 with just 12 bedsm has now grown into a large Hospital having 65 beds with modern equipment and medical facilities available for the patients of the rural area.
Concetta Scaravaglione (1900-1975) was born on July 9 in New York City.
Concetto Gallo (11 January 1913 - 1 April 1980) was an Italian politician.
Concevreux is a commune in the Aisne department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Conceyu Abiertu emerged as a municipalist platform in the municipal and regional elections of 2011.
Conceyu Abiertu (Open Council or Open Municipality in Asturian language) is an Asturian political organization of left-wing and Asturian nationalist ideology.
Conceyu Bable (in Asturian Language, Bable Council ) was an Asturian association legalized in 1976, which objective was the recovery and dignification of Asturian Language.
Concha Calleja was born in Barcelona.
Conchamarca District is one of eight districts of the province Ambo in Peru.
Conchan District is one of nineteen districts of the province Chota in Peru.
Conchapelopia garim is a species of fly belonging to the family Chironomidae (the non-biting midges).
Conchapelopia is a genus of flies belonging to the family Chironomidae (the non-biting midges).
Conchapelopia seoulpia is a species of fly belonging to the family Chironomidae (the non-biting midges).
Concha resents her position and strikes out at the sisters by trying to undermine the economic exchange between the sisters and Remedios.
Conchas are popular in bakeries in Mexico and throughout the US.
Conchas Chinas is an affluent colonia directly south of Puerto Vallarta in the state of Jalisco, on the Pacific coast of Mexico.
Conchas get their name from their round shape and the striped, broken "shell-like" appearance of their topping.
Conchas Lake Airport (FAA LID: E89) is a public use airport located one nautical mile (2 km) southwest of the central business district of Conchas Dam, in San Miguel County, New Mexico, United States.
Conchas Lake Seaplane Base (FAA LID: E61) is a public use seaplane base located two nautical miles (4 km) southwest of the central business district of Conchas Dam, in San Miguel County, New Mexico, United States.
Conchaspididae is a small and relatively unstudied family of scale insects.
Conchaspis capensis is a species of scale insect from South Africa found on Metalasia muricata and Phylica species.
Conchata Galen Ferrell (born March 28, 1943) is an American character actress.
Conchatalos canalibrevis is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae, the murex snails or rock snails.
Conchatalos is a genus of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Muricidae, the murex snails or rock snails.
Conchatalos lacrima is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae, the murex snails or rock snails.
Conchatalos spinula is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae, the murex snails or rock snails.
Conchatalos tirardi is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae, the murex snails or rock snails.
Conchatalos vaubani is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae, the murex snails or rock snails.
Concha was Governor of New Mexico from 1649 to 1653.
Concha y Toro Winery is located in Chile.
Conch can be used to implement both the client and server sides of this protocol.
Conch can be used with Unix/Linux systems and with Microsoft Windows.
Conch chowder is also a traditional food of the Florida Keys.
Conche is a community on the Northern Peninsula of Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.
Conchicolites is a fossil genus of cornulitid tubeworms.
Conchidium is a genus of orchids.
Conchifera is a subphylum of the phylum Mollusca.
Conchil-le-Temple is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Hauts-de-France region of France.
Conchiolin serves as a relatively flexible, crack-deflecting matrix for the mineral aggregate particles; its strength and the strong bonding of perlucin can in some cases (such as in the formation of nacre) give the finished material an impressive level of toughness.
Conchiolins (sometimes referred to as conchins) are complex proteins which are secreted by a mollusc's outer epithelium (the mantle).
Conchiophora is a genus of moths of the Yponomeutidae family.
Conch is an implementation of the secure shell (SSH) protocol written in the Python programming language.
Conchita Claudio Carpio-Morales (born Conchita Claudio Carpio on June 19, 1941) is the Ombudsman of the Philippines from 2011 to 2018.
Conchita Elizabeth Campbell (born October 25, 1995) is a Canadian actress.
Conchita is the debut studio album by Austrian pop singer Conchita Wurst.
Conchita Leeflang is an actress, model and singer.
Conchita Puig (born 18 January 1953) is a Spanish skier.
Conchita revealed to fans via her Facebook page that the release of the single would occur on 20 October and revealed the song title.
Conchitella clivinoides is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Conchitella.
Conch Key is an island and unincorporated community in Monroe County, Florida, United States, located in the middle Florida Keys.
Conchobar mac Diarmata, was the ninth king of Moylurg, reigning 1187 to 1196.
Conchobar was a son of Diarmait Ua Briain, King of Munster (died 1118).
Conchocarpus found in South-East Brazil (Rio de Janeiro).
Conchocarpus is a plant genus in the family Rutaceae.
Concho County is a county located on the Edwards Plateau in the U.S. state of Texas.
Conchoderma auritum, the rabbit-ear barnacle, is a species of maxillopod in the family Lepadidae.
Conchoderma virgatum is a species of goose barnacle in the family Lepadidae.
Conchodus is an extinct genus of lungfish which lived during the Devonian period.
Conchoecia is a genus of ostracods in the subfamily Conchoecinae.
Conchoecinae is a subfamily of ostracods in the family Halocypridae.
Concho Elementary School District is a K-8 school district located in Concho, unincorporated Apache County, Arizona.
Concho Elementary School has been in existence for over 100 years.
Concho Indian Boarding School (also known as the Cheyenne-Arapaho Boarding School at Concho or Concho Indian School and home to the Concho Demonstration School) was a boarding school for members of the Cheyenne and Arapaho Tribes and later opened to other Native American students.
Concho is an unincorporated community and coal town in Fayette County, West Virginia.
Concho is a rural unincorporated community in Canadian County, Oklahoma.
Concho is Spanish for "shell"; the river was so named due to its abundance of freshwater mussels, such as the Tampico pearly mussel (Cyrtonaias tampicoensis).
Concholepas concholepas, the Chilean abalone, is a species of large edible sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk.
Concholepas is a genus of medium-sized to large predatory sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Muricidae, the rock shells.
Conchological Society of Great Britain and Ireland is a British-based society concerned with the study of molluscs and their shells.
Conchomyces is a genus of fungi in the Tricholomataceae family.
Conchopoma is an extinct genus of lungfish which lived during the Carboniferous and Permian period.
Conch, or conque, also known as a "seashell horn" or "shell trumpet", is a musical instrument (often a signal instrument), a wind instrument that is made from a seashell (conch), the shell of several different kinds of very large sea snails.
Concho Resources Inc. is a petroleum and natural gas exploration and production company organized in Delaware and headquartered in Midland, Texas, with operations exclusively in the Permian Basin.
Concho Valley Electric Cooperative, Inc. is a non-profit rural electric utility cooperative headquartered in San Angelo, Texas.
Concho Valley is a region in West Texas.
Conch shell trumpets have been played in many Pacific Island countries, as well as South America and Southern Asia.
Conchs, natives of Key West use the sauce for a variety of food including to flavor seafood dishes.
Conch soup and conch chowder are soup dishes made with conch that are traditional in various Caribbean island cuisines as well as the cuisine of Belize.
Conchubhar Ua Flaithbertaigh, King of Iar Connacht, died 1186.
Conchucos District is one of eleven districts of the Pallasca Province in Peru.
Conch was developed by Paul Swartz.
Conchy-les-Pots is a commune in the Oise department in northern France.
Conchylia is a genus of moths in the family Geometridae.
Conchyliodes is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
Conchylodes arcifera is a moth in the family Crambidae.
Conchylodes gammaphora is a moth in the family Crambidae.
Conchylodes hebraealis is a moth in the family Crambidae.
Conchylodes hedonialis is a moth in the family Crambidae.
Conchylodes intricata is a moth in the family Crambidae.
Conchylodes is a genus of moths of the family Crambidae.
Conchylodes nolckenialis is a moth in the Crambidae family.
Conchylodes salamisalis, the blush conchylodes moth, is a moth in the family Crambidae.
Conchylodes terminipuncta is a moth in the family Crambidae.
Conchylodes zebra is a moth in the family Crambidae.
Conchy-sur-Canche is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Hauts-de-France country of France.
Conchy was an American comic strip that ran from 1970 to 1977.
Concierge is an OSGI (Open Service Gateway Initiative) R3 framework implementation intended for resource-constrained devices like mobile and embedded systems.
Concierge medicine (also known as retainer medicine) is a relationship between a patient and a primary care physician in which the patient pays an annual fee or retainer.
ConciergeQ Conversations with Chantal Westerman are in-depth interviews with guests who are also featured on The Concierge Questionnaire an online travel magazine.
Concierto Barroco is a piece of music written in 2007 by the Bulgarian composer Gheorghi Arnaoudov, scored for violin and orchestra.
Concierto de almas, is a Mexican telenovela produced by Televisa and originally transmitted by Telesistema Mexicano.
Concierto de Aranjuez is a studio album by jazz harpist Dorothy Ashby released via the Philips Records label in 1984.
Concierto".Edgar Palacios was awarded the Premio Eugenio Espejo in 2006 for his contribution to the cultural heritage of Ecuador.
Conciliabulum (English synonyms conciliable, conciliabule) is a Latin word meaning a place of assembly.
Conciliarity is the adherence of various Christian communities to the authority of ecumenical councils and to synodal church government.
Conciliar Seminary of Mexico is a seminary in Mexico City.
Conciliation differs from arbitration in that the conciliation process, in and of itself, has no legal standing, and the conciliator usually has no authority to seek evidence or call witnesses, usually writes no decision, and makes no award.
Conciliation differs from mediation in that in conciliation, often the parties are in need of restoring or repairing a relationship, either personal or business.
Conciliation is an alternative dispute resolution (ADR) process whereby the parties to a dispute use a conciliator,, who meets with the parties both separately and together in an attempt to resolve their differences.
Conciliation Resources is an independent organization working with people in conflict to prevent violence and build peace, providing advice, support and practical resources.
Conciliatore was a progressive bi-weekly scientific and literary journal, influential in the early Risorgimento.
Conciliazione is a station on the Line 1 of Milan Metro.
Concilio Cubano was a Cuban dissident group which pushed for a peaceful transition to democracy.
Concilio Latinoamericano de Nueva York, also known as Latin American Council of New York, is an organization of Spanish churches that follows Pentecostalism but has branched from the Pentecostal Church of God in Puerto Rico, which is now the Pentecostal Church of God, International Movement.
Concinnia is a genus of skinks in the subfamily Lygosominae.
Concinnia spinosa, the Nangur spiny skink or Nangur skink, is a lizard known from two patches of dry-rainforest in South East Queensland, Australia.
Concise drug monographs form the core of MIMS; these include safety information, details of the active ingredient, presentation, price, indication, dosage and manufacturer.
Concise Encyclopedia of Supersymmetry and Noncommutative Structures in Mathematics and Physics is a fundamental authoritative text in specialized areas of contemporary mathematics and physics.
Concise essays telling the story of the city's growth from Roman times to the present day and of the development of the colleges of the University of Cambridge are profusely illustrated with Rawle's photographs of townscapes and views of the colleges.
Concise International Chemical Assessment Documents (CICADs) are published by the World Health Organization within the framework of the International Program on Chemical Safety (IPCS).
Concise is a municipality in the district of Jura-Nord Vaudois in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.
Concise technical data is given for each product.
Concision (alternatively brevity, laconicism, terseness, or conciseness) is the minimization of words while conveying an idea.
Concision has been described as one of the elementary principles of writing.
Concklin Brook flows into West Canada Creek a few miles east of Hinckley Reservoir in Herkimer County, New York.
ConClave attendees share an interest in science, science fiction, fantasy, and related genres.
ConClave is an all-ages gathering of and for all who share a sense of wonder.
ConClave is an annual, weekend-long science fiction convention in southeastern/central Michigan, which draws approximately 600 people.
Conclave of Shadows is a series of fantasy novels by Raymond E. Feist, part of The Riftwar Cycle.
Conclavism is the claim to election as pope by a group acting or purporting to act in the stead of (i.e., under an assumption of the authority ordinarily vested in) the established College of Cardinals.
Conc-list is a parallel programming counterpart to functional cons-lists, and was originally introduced by the Fortress language.
Concluded by Spain (under the rule of Francisco Franco) with the Vatican.
Concluded in 1945, the agreement endorses the principle of an Arab homeland while respecting the sovereignty of the individual member states.
Concluded in 1981, it entered into force on 2 December 1983.
Concluding, any high scores you may encounter if playing a used version of the game should be treated as suspect.
Concluding a six-year hiatus, Twain released the promotional single "Today Is Your Day" in 2011 and is currently creating her fifth studio effort.
Concluding her study, Meaney argues that amulets were primarily worn by women and children in Anglo-Saxon England, and that there were certain females, whom she termed "cunning women", who worked in a specific magical capacity for their local communities.
Concluding his tenure on THE BOLD AND THE BEAUTIFUL, Zak earned certificates from UCLA's Professional Producing and Screenwriting Programs, followed by a master's degree in Spiritual Psychology from the University of Santa Monica, awarded in 2003.
Concluding jam drawn from the last of the songs played from the feature above, or in earlier series, "they song we enjoyed playing most today", which could any song performed during the show.
Concluding observations on the second periodic report of the Holy See was a 2014 report issued by the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, regarding the handling by the Catholic Church and Holy See of cases of sexual abuse against minors.
Concluding that the numerically superior enemy would eventually pin down his unit, Yurong assaulted the entrenched MILF positions, emboldening his fellow Marines to follow his lead.
Concluding that the story was a matter of public concern the Supreme Court ruled that it did not matter that Rosenbloom was a private citizen; however, the evidence provided in the case did not support the damages awarded to Rosenbloom.
Concluding the event were a set of friendly matches between the respective winners, runners-up etc.
Concluding the narrative of Xenosaga Episode I and Episode II, Episode III sees Shion Uzuki and the battle android KOS-MOS search out the origins of the hostile alien Gnosis while being hunted by Shion's former employers and four powerful humans called the Testaments.
Conclusion is an album by the U.K punk rock band Conflict.
Conclusion of an Age is the debut album from Sylosis, a British metal band from Reading, Berkshire.
Conclusions about the housing policy of an organization are drawn, and possible solutions are indicated in a logical way.
Conclusions drawn from an individual research study may be limited by the characteristics of the participants who were studied and the conditions under which the study was conducted.
Conclusions found that the miliolid Quinqueloculina sp. was virtually absent in multicore samples from 1989 to 1994, peaked in September 1996 (22%) when degraded phytodetritus was present on core surfaces, was less common in March 1997, and thereafter was relatively uncommon.
Conclusions is the first studio album from Altars.
Conclusion: Socrates is mortal.
Conclusive dates for the site's occupation have not been determined; one survey concluded that occupation began around 1200 CE and continued until at least 1400.
Conclusive laboratory demonstration of the virus in humans was first obtained and reported in 2018.
Conclusively, this has contributed to the 17 year life expectancy gap between Aboriginals and non-Aboriginals and in turn, has led to disparity and inequity of health between Aboriginals and non-Aboriginals.
Conco (Cimbrian: Kunken) is a town in the province of Vicenza, Veneto, Italy.
Concoctions are only considered drinks and or liquids.
Conco is also known as the setting to the comedy film Where Did My Phone Go?.
Concolic testing (a portmanteau of concrete and symbolic) is a hybrid software verification technique that performs symbolic execution, a classical technique that treats program variables as symbolic variables, along a concrete execution (testing on particular inputs) path.
Concomitant drugs are two or more drugs used or given at or almost at the same time (one after the other, on the same day, etc.).
Concomitantly, academics were viewed less as a self-governing group seeking to expand knowledge and more as shop-floor deliverers of education, subject to performance indicators.
Concomitantly, a new peak appears with a maximal absorption in the red region.
Concomitantly, cells lose their nuclei and organelles causing the granular cells to become non-viable corneocytes in the stratum corneum.
Concomitantly, he also pioneered in offering a joint course between Gordon-Conwell and Harvard Divinity School, which he team-taught with Prof. Harvey Cox from the latter school.
Concomitantly he also worked with Dannie Richmond and James Newton.
Concomitantly, he began playing as a sideman in jazz venues in Rome for touring musicians, such as Art Blakey, Art Farmer, and Kai Winding.
Concomitantly, he led his own band in 1965-1966, whose sidemen were Woody Shaw, Walter Davis, Jr., Wilbur Ware, and C. Sharpe.
Concomitantly he played as a session musician, especially with Goodman throughout the 1950s, as well as for musicians such as Sy Oliver and Al Caiola.
Concomitantly, he played in the latter half of the 1980s with Lester Bowie, Oliver Lake, and Julius Hemphill.
Concomitantly, North Korean reconstruction was assisted by "fraternal socialist nations," namely the USSR and China.
Concomitantly, two to four lateral branches are normally initiated.
Concomitant with the steam engine would be a house, horses and dalmatian dogs (used to guide and calm the horses).
Conconi is a Professor at the University of Ferrara in Italy where he heads the Centro Studi Biomedici Applicati allo Sport or Biomedical Research Institute.
Conconi Test is a sports medicine test intended to measure an individual's maximum anaerobic and aerobic threshold heart rates.
Con Constantine (born 1 July 1945) is a Cypriot Australian businessman and the former owner of the Australian football (soccer) club Newcastle United Jets.
Conconully is a town in Okanogan County, Washington, United States.
Conconully State Park and Conconully National Wildlife Refuge are also nearby.
C. oncophora has a direct life cycle.
Conco provides a full range of concrete services for public works projects, commercial, parking structures, educational, and other construction development.
Concord Academy is a coeducational, independent, college preparatory school for grades nine through twelve, located in Concord, Massachusetts.
Concord Academy is a private, state approved, non-profit school (Grades 6-12) for students with special needs such as learning disabilities, attention deficits and many other problems that prevent students from learning in a regular class setting or school.
Concord, along with the township of Lexington, is located in the unorganized territory, Central Somerset.
Concordancers are also used in corpus linguistics to retrieve alphabetically or otherwise sorted lists of linguistic data from the corpus in question, which the corpus linguist then analyzes.
Concordances may be for the original languages of the Biblical books, or (more commonly) they are compiled for translations.
Concord Area Transit (CAT) is the primary provider of public transportation in Concord, New Hampshire, United States.
Concord Art Association is a membership-based arts center in Concord, Massachusetts that conducts exhibits, lectures, classes, and tours.
Concord became the first of five ships of its class to be transferred to Military Sealift Command.
Concord, Brunswick County is an unincorporated community located in Brunswick County, in the U.S. state of Virginia.
Concord Coach Lines, Inc., formerly known as Concord Trailways, is an inter-city bus company based in Concord, New Hampshire.
Concord College is an independent co-educational international day/boarding school in Shropshire, England situated in the grounds of Acton Burnell Castle.
Concord Community Schools is a public school district located in Concord, Michigan.
Concord Dawn is the debut self-titled album by New Zealand drum and bass group Concord Dawn, released in 2000.
Concord Depot is a commuter rail station on the MBTA Commuter Rail Fitchburg Line at 90 Thoreau Street in downtown Concord, Massachusetts.
Concord Duo Series Volume Ten is an album by jazz saxophonist Chris Potter and pianist Kenny Werner which was recorded at Maybeck Recital Hall and released on the Concord label in 1996.
Concorde also had a moving visor that would slide into and out of the nose.
Concorde also promotes an annual series at the Hugh Lane Municipal Gallery in Dublin, which has been running for over 20 years.
Concorde Capital Investment Company offers investment banking, brokerage services and asset management in Ukraine.
Concorde De Luxe Resort is a five star hotel in Lara, Antalya, Turkey.
Concorde Hills is a census-designated place (CDP) in Sycamore Township, Hamilton County, Ohio, United States.
Concorde's last commercial flight was in October 2003, with a November 26, 2003 ferry flight being its last airborne operation.
Concord First Assembly Academy (cfa Academy), formerly known as First Assembly Christian School, is a private college preparatory Christian school founded in 1976 as a part of the ministry of First Assembly Worship Center in Concord, North Carolina.
Concord Free Public Library is a public library in the town of Concord, Massachusetts.
Concord Friends Meetinghouse is a historic meeting house on Old Concord Road in Concordville, Delaware County, Pennsylvania.
Concord fully acquired Razor & Tie on January 17, 2018.
Concord Generating Station is a natural gas fired, electrical peaking power plant located in the town of Watertown in Jefferson County, Wisconsin.
Concord, Gloucester County is an unincorporated community in Gloucester County, in the U. S. state of Virginia.
Concord Grand is a mixed-use building located at 169/1, Shantinogor, Dhaka-1217, Bangladesh.
Concord grapes have large seeds and are highly aromatic.
Concord Group is a Bangladeshi conglomerate.
Concord has hosted the annual three-day Carolina Rebellion hard rock music festival each May at Charlotte Motor Speedway since 2011.
Concord High became a part of Cabarrus County Schools in 1983 when Concord City Schools merged with the county school system.
Concord High School is a co-educational high school in Sydney, Australia.
Concord High School is a comprehensive public high school located in the rural, distant community of Concord, Arkansas, United States.
Concord High School is a high school in Concord, New Hampshire, in the United States.
Concord High School is also a half regular high school and half IB high school.
Concord High School is a public high school in Dunlap, a census-designated place in Elkhart County, Indiana, United States,It serves Dunlap, small sections of southern Elkhart and a small section of northern Goshen.
Concord Hill is an unincorporated community in Warren County, in the U.S. state of Missouri.
Concord Hills is an unincorporated community in New Castle County, Delaware, United States.
Concord Hills is located to the west of U.S. Route 202 between Delaware Route 92 and the Pennsylvania border.
Concord holds a place in rugby history as a venue for the inaugural Rugby World Cup in 1987.
Concord Hospital is an acute-care hospital located in Concord, New Hampshire.
Concord Hospital Medical Group consists of more than 245 primary and specialty providers specially trained in 17 subspecialties and randomly located throughout central New Hampshire.
Concordia Academy is a Christian high school in Roseville, Minnesota, USA.
Concordia Augusta was cultivated in the context of Imperial cult.
Concordia Bay (Spanish: Ensenada del Norte [1]) is on the north shore of East Falkland in the Falkland Islands.
Concordia can be found in flavors like Strawberry, Pineapple and Orange.
Concordia Cemetery is a burial ground in El Paso, Texas.
Concordia Chiajna is a Romanian professional basketball club, based in Chiajna, Romania.
Concordia College and University is an entity with a primary mailing address in Dominica that represents itself as a higher education institution that awards associate, bachelor's, master's and doctoral degrees based solely on the purchaser's work and life experience, without any class attendance.
Concordia College is an independent and co-educational Lutheran school located in Adelaide, South Australia.
Concordia College is a private college located in Moorhead, Minnesota, United States.
Concordia College is a school in Windhoek, the capital of Namibia.
Concordia College prospered towards the end of the nineteenth century with an upward enrollment.
Concordia commissioned the Abeking and Rasmussen shipyard in Lemwerder, Germany to build the last 99 (26 of them as a 41' Model).
Concordia Eco-Resort is located here.
Concordia German Evangelical Church and Rectory, also known as Concordia United Church of Christ and Rectory is a historic church in Northwest, Washington, D.C. Concordia Church is located in Foggy Bottom on the corner of G and 20th streets.
Concordia had 130 people on board and was bound for the Cape of Good Hope, and then the Netherlands.
Concordia has been called "The White Mars", the nearest equivalent on earth to the kind of isolation which would be experienced by long-distance space travelers.
Concordia Healthcare Corp is a publicly traded pharmaceutical company based in Canada.
Concordia High School is a private Christian high school in Round Rock, Texas.
Concordia High School shares its campus with Grace Christian Center.
Concordia Hospital is a regional hospital in Winnipeg, Manitoba that was founded in 1928, and has a primary service area with a population exceeding 150,000.Between April 2011 and March 2012, Concordia hospital provided 1,507 hip and knee surgeries, nearly 50% more than any other Winnipeg facility.
Concordia is accredited by The Higher Learning Commission and has a total student enrollment of 2,531.
Concordia is a city in Lafayette County, Missouri, United States.
Concordia is a Latin word meaning "harmony".
Concordia is a locality at the western end of the Barossa Valley, South Australia, situated 5 km ENE of Gawler.
Concordia is an area on the island of Saint John in the United States Virgin Islands.
Concordia is a nonprofit, nonpartisan organization founded in 2011, which seeks to build effective public-private partnerships to create a more prosperous and sustainable future.
Concordia is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) located within Monroe Township, in Middlesex County, New Jersey, United States.
Concordia is an unincorporated community in Meade County, Kentucky, in the United States.
Concordia is a provincial electoral division in the Canadian province of Manitoba.
Concordia is a smock mill in Ede, the Netherlands, which is maintained in working order.
Concordia is home of the Cloud County Community College and the Nazareth Convent and Academy.
Concordia is now a brand of the PepsiCo company.
Concordia is the only place to have a Chinese cemetery in Texas.
Concordia Lutheran Church, or, in Swedish, Lutherska Konkordiekyrkan, is a small Lutheran denomination in Sweden.
Concordia Lutheran College is an independent, co-educational, day and boarding school of the Lutheran Church of Australia, located in Toowoomba on the Darling Downs of Queensland, Australia.
Concordia Lutheran High School is a private Christian high school located in Tomball, Texas, in Northwest Houston.
Concordia Lutheran Theological Seminary, founded in 1976, is a seminary of Lutheran Church - Canada (LCC) affiliated with Brock University and located on that institution's campus on the Niagara Escarpment at the center of Canada's Niagara Peninsula in St. Catharines, Ontario.
Concordia Memorial College was renamed Concordia College and later renamed Concordia Lutheran College, after merging with Martin Luther Primary School and Concordia Primary School.
Concordia Mill is located within the Hamilton Historic District.
Concordian International is a private school, and a member of International Schools Association of Thailand.
Concordian is an independent student newspaper published by and for the students of Concordia University; its offices and hard-copy distribution centers are located in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
Concordia Normal School located in Concordia, Kansas was a state-funded normal school operated by the Kansas state government from 1874 until 1876.
Concordia Parish School Board is a school district headquartered in unincorporated Concordia Parish, Louisiana, United States.
Concordia Preparatory School (CPS) is a co-educational parochial secondary school serving grades 6-12.
Concordia purchased the complex in 1998, deciding that it was too badly deteriorated to save.
Concordia Sagittaria is a town and comune in the province of Venezia, Veneto, Italy.
Concordia, Saint Croix is a settlement on the island of Saint Croix in the United States Virgin Islands.
Concordia Sports Hall (Romanian: 'Sala Sporturilor Concordia') is an indoor arena in Chiajna, Romania.
Concordia's students frequently participate in charity events such as The Cancer Council's Relay for life, World Vision's 40 Hour Famine as well as sponsoring a child, also through World Vision.
Concordia Stadium is multi-purpose stadium at Concordia University in Montreal, Quebec.
Concordia Tornados is the women's soccer team of Concordia University Texas.
Concordia University, a private liberal arts institution associated with the Lutheran Concordia University System, has been located in the central portion of the neighborhood since 1905.
Concordia University College is located just to the west of Bellevue in the adjoining neighborhood of Virginia Park.
Concordia University of Edmonton, previously Concordia University College of Alberta, is an independent publicly funded university in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada.
Concordia University Television (CUTV) was a member owned and operated subsidiary of the non-profit corporation Concordia Student Broadcasting Society (CSBS) and whose primary purpose is to operate a TV station and video production facilities.
Concordia uses Cardinal Health as its main distribution chain partner.
Concordia was a European Union (EU) peacekeeping mission in the Republic of Macedonia, which started on 31 March 2003.
Concordia was a steel-hulled barquentine that was built in Poland in 1992 for the West Island College, Montreal, Canada.
Concordia would go on to be the 2007 runner-up to Oklahoma City University.
Concordia (Youth Service Volunteers) is a non-profit, non-political and non-sectarian charity based in the south-east of England.
Concordia Zagreb was declared champion.
Concordiensis is the student-run newspaper of Union College in Schenectady, New York, United States.
Concord International High School (CIHS) was a private high school founded in 1973 that focused on preparing its students for entrance to college.
Concordion is a specification by example framework originally developed by David Peterson, and now maintained by a team of contributors, led by Nigel Charman.
Concord is a Bay Area Rapid Transit station in Concord, California.
Concord is a census-designated place (CDP) in Campbell and Appomattox counties, Virginia, United States.
Concord is a census-designated place (CDP) in St. Louis County, Missouri, United States.
Concord is a census-designated place in Jefferson County, Alabama, United States.
Concord is a home rule-class city in Lewis County, Kentucky, in the United States.
Concord is an unincorporated community in Callaway County, in the U.S. state of Missouri.
Concord is an unincorporated community in Cherokee County, located in the U.S. state of Texas.
Concord is an unincorporated community in Clermont County, in the U.S. state of Ohio.
Concord is an unincorporated community in Concord Township, DeKalb County, Indiana.
Concord is an unincorporated community in Knox County, Tennessee, United States and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places as a historic district, the Concord Village Historic District.
Concord is an unincorporated community in Leon County, Texas, United States.
Concord is an unincorporated community in Pemiscot County, in the U.S. state of Missouri.
Concord is an unincorporated community in Sussex County, Delaware, United States.
Concord is an unincorporated community located in the town of Concord, Jefferson County, Wisconsin, United States.
Concord is a small hamlet in the town of Concord in southern Erie County, New York, United States.
Concord is a small unincorporated community in Lauramie Township, Tippecanoe County, Indiana, located just west of Stockwell.
Concord is a suburban industrial neighborhood in the City of Vaughan in York Region, located north of Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
Concord is a town in Cleburne County, Arkansas, United States.
Concord is a town in Jefferson County, Wisconsin, United States.
Concord is a town in Pike County, Georgia, United States.
Concord is a village in Morgan County, Illinois, United States.
Concord is bordered by Steeles Avenue to the south, Highway 400 to the west, Dufferin Street to the east, and Rutherford Road to the north.
Concord is located along Delaware Route 20 east of Seaford.
Concord is one of the "Southtowns" of Erie County.
Concord is on the southeastern border of Erie County.
Concordius of Spoleto is a little-known Christian saint and martyr of the 2nd century.
Concord Jazz is a record company and label created in 1973 by Carl Jefferson, the founder of Concord Records and former owner of Jefferson Motors Lincoln Mercury dealership in Concord, CA.
Concord Labor MLA Bill Carlton died on 30 January 1949.
Concord Law School (also known as Concord University School of Law), is a private online law school based in Los Angeles, California.
Concord, Maine is a township in Somerset County, Maine, United States.
Concord Mall, a shopping mall located north of the city of Wilmington in the unincorporated Brandywine Hundred area along U.S. Route 202, is Delaware's second-largest shopping mall.
Concord Mall is an enclosed shopping mall serving Elkhart, Indiana.
Concord Manor is an unincorporated community in New Castle County, Delaware, United States.
Concord Manor is located east of U.S. Route 202 and south of Silverside Road near Talleyville.
Concord Music Group released the album on 1 February 2010 in the UK and on 30 March 2010 in the US.
Concord of Sweet Sounds is a 1963 Australian TV play starring Stuart Wagstaff, directed by Henri Safran and written by Patricia Hooker.
Concord of the State is a 1642 painting by Rembrandt, now in the Museum Boijmans Van Beuningen in Rotterdam.
Concord Oval (also Waratah Stadium) is a rugby stadium in Concord, Australia, in the inner west of Sydney.
Concord Park is a 9.1 acre development Charleston, South Carolina, near the Cooper River and South Carolina Aquarium.
Concord Pavilion (formerly known as Sleep Train Pavilion and Chronicle Pavilion) is an amphitheater located in Concord, California.
Concord Picante records, Concord Jazz, Inc. Produced by Tito Puente.
Concord Point Light is a lighthouse in Havre de Grace, Maryland, overlooking the point where the Susquehanna River flows into the Chesapeake Bay, an area of increasing navigational traffic at the time it was constructed in 1827.
Concord Presbyterian Church is a historic Presbyterian church located near Winnsboro, Fairfield County, South Carolina.
Concord Prison Outreach (CPO) is a non-profit organization based in Concord, Massachusetts and dates back to 1968.
Concord provides the flexible curriculum and specialized programming within a small, nurturing, personal environment in which students feel they can learn and are able to thrive to learn.
Concord ran aground while on a patrolling mission along the African coast.
Concord Rangers Football Club is a football club based in Canvey Island in Essex, England.
Concord Records is an American record label owned by Concord Music and based in Beverly Hills, California.
Concord Records re-issued the contents in digital form in 2009.
Concord Records was launched in 1995 as an imprint designed to reach beyond the company's foundational Concord Jazz label.
Concord School was a school constructed in 1894 for African-American children located in Miccosukee, in eastern Leon County, Florida, USA.
Concord's City Council contracted with the Community Services Council to conduct a study.
Concord Speedway is a motorsports facility located in the town of Midland, North Carolina, southeast of Concord, North Carolina.
Concord stagecoaches are horse-drawn stagecoaches which employ a style of suspension and construction particularly suited to North America's early 19th century roads.
Concord station has a single elevated island platform.
Concord Street ran by the plant.
Concord, Sussex County, Delaware should not be confused with Concord, New Castle County, Delaware; the latter is a populated place located in Wilmington, bordering the northern edge of the city along Delaware Route 202.Concord originally had several bog-iron furnaces in the area in the late 18th and early 19th centuries.
Concord Township, as well as West Concord located within the township, were both named after Concord, New Hampshire.
Concord Township is a civil township of Jackson County in the U.S. state of Michigan.
Concord Township is an inactive township in Clinton County, in the U.S. state of Missouri.
Concord Township is an inactive township in Pemiscot County, in the U.S. state of Missouri.
Concord Township is an inactive township in Washington County, in the U.S. state of Missouri.
Concord Township is a township in Butler County, Pennsylvania, United States.
Concord Township is a township in Delaware County, Pennsylvania, United States.
Concord Township is a township in Dodge County, Minnesota, United States.
Concord Township is a township in Erie County, Pennsylvania, United States.
Concord Township is a township in Hardin County, Iowa, USA.
Concord Township is a township in Louisa County, Iowa.
Concord Township is one of fifteen townships in DeKalb County, Indiana.
Concord Township is one of sixteen townships in Elkhart County, Indiana.
Concord Township is one of sixteen townships in Hancock County, Iowa, USA.
Concord Township is one of the eighteen townships of Delaware County, Ohio, United States.
Concord Township is one of the seventeen townships of Highland County, Ohio, United States.
Concord Township is one of the ten townships of Fayette County, Ohio, United States.
Concord Township is one of the twelve townships of Champaign County, Ohio, United States.
Concord Township is one of thirteen townships in Dixon County, Nebraska, United States.
Concord Township is one of twenty-two townships in Adams County, Illinois, United States.
Concord Township takes its name from the community of Concord, Pemiscot County, Missouri.
Concord Township was erected in 1852.
Concord Township was organized in 1858.
Concord University is a comprehensive, public, liberal arts institution located in Athens, West Virginia, United States, founded on February 28, 1872, when the West Virginia Legislature passed "an Act to locate a Branch State Normal School, in Concord Church, in the County of Mercer".
Concordville is an unincorporated community in Concord Township, Delaware County, Pennsylvania, United States.
Concord was a historic mansion in Natchez, Mississippi.
Concord was an electoral district of the Legislative Assembly of the Australian state of New South Wales, created in 1930, and named after and including the Sydney suburb of Concord.
Concord was stricken in August 2009 and sunk as a target in 2012.
Concord was the only municipality in the United States to cast a majority of its votes for Ron Paul in the 2012 Presidential Election.
Concord was the ship which in 1683 took the first group of German emigrants to America.
Concord Watch Company is a Swiss luxury goods company that is part of the Movado group, which produces and distributes Movado, Ebel, Coach, and Hugo Boss-branded watches.
Concord watches became recognized in large cities as status symbols and were noted for their innovation and design.
Concord West railway station is located on the Main Northern line, serving the Sydney suburb of Concord West.
Concore Entertainment also launched the career of Brazilian international star Natalia Damini who has had #1 songs on Billboard Emerging Artist Chart and #9 on Billboard Trending 140 and #15 on Billboard Next Big Sound and Natalia was also #1 on DRT (Digital Radio Tracking Charts) and #1 on Spotify Top 25.
Concore Entertainment is an American record label based in Los Angeles, California.
Concoret (Konkored in Breton) is a commune in the Morbihan department of Brittany in north-western France.
Concor Holdings (Pty) Ltd. is a South African construction company.
Concor returned as a independent brand in late 2016.
Concors Latvian Air Service was an airline based in Riga, Latvia.
Concots is a commune in the Lot department in south-western France.
Con Coughlin (born 14 January 1955) is a British journalist and author, currently The Daily Telegraph Defense Editor.
Concoules is a commune in the Gard department in southern France.
Concourse admits up to fifty select MIT freshmen a year who are interested in understanding the breadth of human knowledge and the larger context of their science and engineering studies.
ConcourseConnect was developed by Concursive Corporation (known for their Open Source CRM ConcourseSuite) and is a platform for deploying large scale web-based communities.
Concourse has been recognized with the 2011 Irwin Sizer Award for Most Significant Improvement to MIT Education.
Concourse is a neighborhood located in the southwestern section of the borough of the Bronx.
Concourse is the independent student newspaper of Keele University in Staffordshire, England.
Concours or EU concours is a recruitment competition and examination to select staff to all institutions of the European Union.
Concremiers is a commune in the Indre department in central France.
Concrescence is a condition of teeth where the cementum overlying the roots of at least two teeth join together.
Concressault is a commune in the Cher department in the Center-Val de Loire region of France.
Concrete aggregate collected from demolition sites is put through a crushing machine.
Concrete also publishes annual drug and sex surveys.
Concrete and Constructional Engineering was a magazine published in London, England, by Concrete Publications from 1906 to 1966.
Concrete and Gold is the ninth studio album by American rock band Foo Fighters.
Concrete and Gold was received positively by music critics, who praised the album's more expansive feel, both musically and lyrically.
Concrete art was an art movement with a strong emphasis on geometrical abstraction.
Concrete Blonde is the acclaimed debut album of American alternative rock band Concrete Blonde.
Concrete Blonde were an alternative rock band from Hollywood, California.
Concrete bombs are also used in testing and evaluation of aircraft and bombs.
Concrete bombs have been utilized by the United States during the Iraqi no-fly zones conflict, and by France during the 2011 military intervention in Libya.
Concrete bridges were chosen at the urging of Thomas Chalmers Vint of the Park Service, in lieu of alternative designs for steel truss bridges, or suspension bridges suggested by the park superintendent.
Concrete buildings inside the compound were charred from the blast and their windows blown out; nearby cars were turned into black and twisted metal wrecks.
Concrete caisson structures, pioneered by the Condeep concept, often have in-built oil storage in tanks below the sea surface and these tanks were often used as a flotation capability, allowing them to be built close to shore (Norwegian fjords and Scottish firths are popular because they are sheltered and deep enough) and then floated to their final position where they are sunk to the seabed.
Concrete can be damaged by fire, aggregate expansion, sea water effects, bacterial corrosion, calcium leaching, physical damage and chemical damage (from carbonatation, chlorides, sulfates and non-distilled water).
Concrete causes damage to the most fertile layer of the earth, the topsoil.
Concrete-Central Elevator is a historic grain elevator located on the Buffalo River at 175 Buffalo River (750 Ohio St.) Buffalo in Erie County, New York.
Concrete cover, in reinforced concrete, is the least distance between the surface of embedded reinforcement and the outer surface of the concrete (ACI 130).
Concrete Cowboys is a 1979 American made-for-television western adventure film starring Jerry Reed and Tom Selleck, directed by Burt Kennedy.
Concrete Cow is a BBC Radio 4 audience sketch show created by James Cary.
Concrete degradation may have various causes.
Concrete demands of the March are: abolition of nuclear weapons; withdrawal of invading troops from occupied territories; the progressive and proportional reduction of conventional weapons; the signing of non-aggression treaties among nations and the renunciation by governments of war as a way to resolve conflicts.
Concrete Dunes is a compilation album by American indie rock band Grandaddy, released in October 2002 by record label Lakeshore.
Concrete dust released by building demolition and natural disasters can be a major source of dangerous air pollution.
Concrete elements can also be formed at factories away from the building site.
Concrete examples of each structure will be found in the articles listed.
Concrete finishing trowel: is used to smooth a surface after the concrete has begun to set; it is held nearly level to the surface of the concrete, and moved with a sweeping arc across the surface.
Concrete floors and some specialized raised flooring are used at some facilities.
Concrete furniture design is evolving rapidly and cement furniture is making an appearance inside the contemporary home.
Concrete Gardens is the eleventh studio album by guitarist Tony MacAlpine, released on April 21, 2015 through Sun Dog Records.
Concrete geese reached the peak of their popularity in the 1980s.
Concrete Genie is an action-adventure game developed by PixelOpus, a developer part of SIE Worldwide Studios, for the PlayStation 4.
Concrete gestures that enter hearts and stir consciences are essential, inspiring in everyone that inner conversion that is the prerequisite for all ecumenical progress.
Concrete Heritage Museum (formerly Camp Seven Logging Museum) is a local heritage museum in Concrete, Washington.
Concrete hinges are also used in tunnel engineering.
Concrete hinges are hinges produced out of concrete, with no or almost no steel in the hingeneck, which allows a rotation without a relevant bending moment.
Concrete hinges are mostly used in bringe engineering as monolithic, simple, economic alternative to steel hinges, which would need regular maintenance.
Concrete implementation usually requires the requesting object to invoke a method or member function using a reference or pointer to the memory location of the controlled object.
Concrete initiatives are also driven by European Union (EU) environmental policies, particularly the EU environmental law, which - as a member - the country is committed to adopt and implement.
Concrete Injection (sometimes stylized as CI) is an American Rock band from Minneapolis, formed in 2012.
Concrete, in perfumery, is a semi-solid mass obtained by solvent extraction of fresh plant material.
Concrete is a comic book series created and written by Paul Chadwick and published by Dark Horse Comics.
Concrete is a multi-disciplinary space located on Alserkal Avenue in the Al Quoz district of Dubai.
Concrete is an album by Fear Factory, released on July 30, 2002.
Concrete is an unincorporated community in DeWitt County, in the U.S. state of Texas.
Concrete is compiled by a team of around 25 section editors and headed by the editor-in-chief.
Concrete Island is a novel by British writer J. G. Ballard, first published in 1974.
Concrete is not considered polished before 800 grit, and it is normally finished to either the 800, 1500, or 3000 grit level.
Concrete is produced in a variety of compositions, finishes and performance characteristics to meet a wide range of needs.
Concrete is strong under compression, but has weak tensile strength.
Concrete is the most widely known example of this.
Concrete is the ninth studio album by former Guns N' Roses guitarist Izzy Stradlin.
Concrete is the second studio album by American country music singer Sunny Sweeney.
Concrete is the seventeenth album by the British band Pet Shop Boys.
Concrete is the University of East Anglia's student newspaper.
Concrete is used to create hard surfaces which contribute to surface runoff that may cause soil erosion, water pollution and flooding.
Concrete is usually ground dry for convenience, because it can be done with fewer people than wet grinding, although a HEPA filter-equipped vacuum is needed to capture the fine dust produced.
Concrete Jungle is an indie strategy video game developed and published by ColePowered Games.
Concrete Jungle is a role-playing game supplement published by TSR in 1985 for the Marvel Super Heroes role-playing game.
Concrete Jungle is Dive's 1993 studio album, with lyrics seemingly inspired (at least in part) by a 1991 car crash which left everyone in the tour van (among others the band Vomito Negro, Dirk Ivens and his wife) hospitalized for several months.
Concrete Jungle is the debut album by hip hop duo Sway & King Tech.
Concrete landscape curbing (or concrete landscape bordering) is an alternative to plastic or metal landscape edging made with concrete.
Concrete Law (2001) is the first album by Backbone (Mr. Fat Face 100).
Concrete Love is the fourth studio album from British indie rock band The Courteeners, released on 18 August 2014 via PIAS Cooperative label.
Concretely, it had been interrupted during the period 1985-88, the season 1990-91 and the period 1993-96.
Concretely, it is a representation of this endpoint in networking software (protocol stack), such as an entry in a table (listing communication protocol, destination, status, etc.), and is a form of system resource.
Concretely, The Noise: Frejus and Three of a Perfect Pair: Live in Japan, both videos originally released on Betamax and VHS with the 1980s band formation.
Concretely, they constitute a family of sterol and phosphoinositide binding and transfer proteins in eukaryotes that are conserved from yeast to humans.
Concretely, this is done by allowing the join definition of several functions and/or channels by matching concurrent call and messages patterns.
Concrete markers designate historic sites and the foundations of Manhattan Project labs still exist.
Concrete Marketing is an independent marketing company based in New York, USA, founded by Bob Chiappardi and Walter O'Brien in 1984.
Concrete Mathematics: A Foundation for Computer Science, by Ronald Graham, Donald Knuth, and Oren Patashnik, first published in 1989, is a textbook that is widely used in computer-science departments as a substantive but light-hearted treatment of the analysis of algorithms.
Concrete must be poured at a rate which avoids setting in the tremie.
Concrete needs to be workable enough to be placed into the form and consolidated (via vibration), yet quick-setting enough to emerge from the form with strength.
Concreteness is an aspect of communication that means being specific, definite, and vivid rather than vague and general.
Concreteness is often taught in college communication courses as one of the aspects of effective communication.
Concrete objectives include raising funds (such as Live Aid) and influencing legislation (such as Live 8 or Farm Aid).
Concrete, pattern, or shape poetry is an arrangement of linguistic elements in which the typographical effect is more important in conveying meaning than verbal significance.
Concrete pavement restoration and preservation is a group of various techniques used to maintain concrete roadways.
Concrete pouring on the face slab began in March 2004 and was complete by June.
Concrete produced from Portland cement is one of the world's most versatile construction materials.
Concrete/Rage is a German electro-industrial project started by Benjamin Sohns in Kirn in 2005.
Concrete recycling is increasing in response to improved environmental awareness, legislation, and economic considerations.
Concrete Roman is a slab serif typeface designed by Donald Knuth using his METAFONT program.
Concrete Roots is a compilation album featuring songs produced by Dr. Dre, released on September 20, 1994.
Concrete Rose is the third studio album by American R&B singer Ashanti, released by The Inc. Records and Def Jam Recordings on December 14, 2004 in the United States.
Concrete Rose was certified Platinum by the RIAA on January 14, 2005.
"Concrete Satan" includes samples from the film Scared Straight!
Concrete sealers are applied to concrete to protect it from surface damage, corrosion, and staining.
Concrete security parametrizes all the resources available to the adversary, such as running time and memory, and other resources specific to the system in question, such as the number of plaintexts it can obtain or the number of queries it can make to any oracles available.
Concrete ships are built of steel and ferrocement (reinforced concrete) instead of more traditional materials, such as steel or wood.
"Concrete Sky" features vocals and guitar from Ryan Adams, and was written by Beth Orton and Johnny Marr.
Concrete Sky was the second EP released by Beth Orton, with the lead track taken from her 2002 album Daybreaker.
Concrete Sox are a British crust punk band.
Concrete's sexuality is addressed in the series.
Concrete T-beam designs saw occasional use in North Dakota during the first half of the twentieth century, as bridge builders began experimenting with the increased use of reinforced concrete in heavy load-bearing applications."It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.It is owned and maintained by Pembina County.
Concrete was a project of Edel which specialized in rock releases.
Concrete was once routinely trucked to landfills for disposal, but recycling has a number of benefits that have made it a more attractive option in this age of greater environmental awareness, more environmental laws, and the desire to keep construction costs down.
Concrete was one of three factory towns around the present-day Holcim plant in eastern Fremont County, Colorado, United States.
Concrete Wave Magazine is a Canadian publication which was founded in 2002 by Michael Brooke.
Concrete Wave's mandate is to inject roots and variety into skateboarding.
Concretion in the palpebral conjunctiva, is called conjunctival concretion, that is a (or a cluster of) small, hard, yellowish-white calcified matter, superficially buried beneath the palpebral conjunctiva.
Concretions are formed from mineral precipitation around some kind of nucleus while a nodule is a replacement body.
Concretions are often ovoid or spherical in shape, although irregular shapes also occur.
Concretions form within layers of sedimentary strata that have already been deposited.
Concriers is a commune in the Loir-et-Cher department of central France.
Concruso Nacional de Belleza 1975 was held on April 26, 1975.
Conc-trees were designed to improve efficiency of data-parallel operations that do not require sequential left-to-right iteration order, and improve constant factors in these operations by avoiding unnecessary copies of the data.
Concubinage was a traditional form of sexual slavery in many cultures, in which women spent their lives in sexual servitude.
Concubine has been made into a film, written by Elechi Amadi and directed by Nollywood director Andy Amenechi; the film was premiered in Abuja in March 2007.
Concubine's Secret, as known as The Girl from Junchow in USA, is a 2009 novel by Kate Furnivall; it is the sequel to The Russian Concubine.
Concurrence of both houses are required to pass any bill.
Concurrencies include U.S. 41 between Bradenton and Palmetto, U.S. 98 between Clinton Heights (near Dade City) and Trilacoochee (formerly known as Moss Town), US 27 between Belleview and Ocala, US 441 between Belleview and Sparr, US 90 in Baldwin, and U.S. 1 and US 23 north of Callahan.
Concurrencies were highly discouraged; this included U.S. Routes and meant that U.S. Route numbers would now be referred to directly by NJDOT.
Concurrency control can require significant additional complexity and overhead in a concurrent algorithm compared to the simpler sequential algorithm.
Concurrency often adds significant complexity to an algorithm, requiring concurrency control such as mutual exclusion to avoid problems such as race conditions.
Concurrent administration of fimasartan with diuretic hydrochlorothiazide has shown to be safe in clinical trials.
Concurrent Collections (known as CnC) is a programming model for software frameworks to expose parallelism in applications.
Concurrent Copy is an IBM software product developed in 1992 to reduce backup window.
Concurrent design and manufacturing can lead to a competitive advantage over other businesses as the product maybe produced and marketed in less time.
Concurrent design and manufacturing involves simultaneously completing design and manufacturing stages of production.
Concurrent documentation integration ensures real-time link from design to documentation.
Concurrent engineering (CE) is a work methodology emphasizing the parallelisation of tasks (i.e. performing tasks concurrently), which is sometimes called simultaneous engineering or integrated product development (IPD) using an integrated product team approach.
Concurrent enrollment programs, provided in large by the Los Angeles Unified School District and the Los Angeles Community College District, are offered with West Los Angeles College, Los Angeles Trade Technical College, Los Angeles City College, or Santa Monica College.
Concurrent intent is when there is a specific intent to commit one crime, and at the same time (concurrently) an intent to commit another.
Concurrent jurisdiction exists where two or more courts from different systems simultaneously have jurisdiction over a specific case.
Concurrent jurisdiction of their concern also includes the California Coastal Commission, which certifies compliance of all action within the coastal zone which thus includes the plant.
Concurrently, a Carolina League franchise from Kinston, North Carolina was moved to Zebulon, taking on the Carolina Mudcats name.
Concurrently, Carlyle Group replaced HTC as a minority shareholder, alongside Dr. Dre and Iovine in late 2013.
Concurrently, Carol Peletier (Melissa McBride) devises a plan to rescue Rick's group after learning they are in danger.
Concurrently, CFUV arranged cable broadcast all over Vancouver Island (in most areas cable 104.3 FM).
Concurrently, Cherokee society was undergoing a growing dependence on European trade goods.
Concurrently, Daryl (Norman Reedus) is held prisoner and psychologically tortured by Dwight (Austin Amelio), a ruthless but reluctant member of the Saviors and one of Negan's (Jeffrey Dean Morgan) top lieutenants, who forms a hostile rivalry with Daryl.
Concurrently, Dixon and Howlin' Wolf toured the UK with the American Folk Blues Festival and helped popularize Chicago blues with local rock musicians overseas.
Concurrently, Dwight (Austin Amelio) pays a visit to a place from his past.
Concurrently, EMI Music Canada signed her in order to more effectively tap into the Canadian market.
Concurrently, he held the Roman consulship, granting him authority within the ordinary legal structure which did not exceed any of the other magistrates.
Concurrently he played in and Elton Dean's band Just Us.
Concurrently, Hera curated more topical exhibitions with a broadened spectrum of social awareness and activism.
Concurrently he served as non-resident ambassador to Cuba.
Concurrently, he was appointed visiting Professor of Physics at SUNY Stony Brook.
Concurrently, he was named leader of the Louis Armstrong All-Stars in 1981, and in 1984 served as producer for Stardust Road.
Concurrently in 1978, Buddhism was declared as the State religion by President J. R. Jayawardene.
Concurrently, in the South of Ireland politically minded young Catholic priests were agitating for the adoption there of the Ulster custom as a measure of reform.
Concurrently, IS aims to establish a Salafist-orientated Islamist state in Iraq, Syria and other parts of the Levant.
Concurrently it aired in the NBC television series "Santa Barbara," garnering an Emmy nomination for Best Original Song.
Concurrently, it was also airing on NBC from 1939 to 1941.
Concurrently, KHTZ moved from 104.7 to 94.9 and upgraded power and elevation.
Concurrently, Michonne (Danai Gurira) finds herself once again alone and haunted by memories of the past as she tries to come to grips with how she wants to spend her life.
Concurrently, Monaghan worked as an art director and branding expert for various retail companies.
Concurrently, much of the history of collegia were left unrecorded by Roman historians, as the aristocratic authors of the time were predominantly uninterested in chronicling the labor union activities, cult worshiping rituals, and general social practices of the working classes.
Concurrently, Murray and ex-bassist John Fahnestock have also started up and released music under a new band called White Noise Owl as well.
Concurrently Reddy also submitted his resignation from the chief ministership to Governor E. S. L. Narasimhan; the latter accepted the resignation, but asked Reddy to continue as caretaker chief minister.
Concurrently, re-epithelialization of the epidermis occurs, in which epithelial cells proliferate and 'crawl' atop the wound bed, providing cover for the new tissue.
Concurrently served as General of the Gunners from 1993 until 1998.
Concurrently, she holds the position of Commissioner of the Presidential Anti-Graft Commission of the Philippines.
Concurrently, STAND is investing in the next generation of thought leaders in the genocide prevention movement.
Concurrently Supreme Court Justice Sarath De Abrew was also under investigation, as the government seeks to mop up misconduct in the judiciary.
Concurrently, the 45th Field Artillery Group (today's 45th Fires Brigade) and 90th Troop Command, were also formed in the same way.
Concurrently, the Chinese managed to repel a Japanese offensive in Henan and Hubei and launched a successful attack on Japanese forces in Guangxi, turning the course of the war sharply in China's favor even as they prepared to launch a full-scale counterattack across South China.
Concurrently, the film has garnered both local and national political attention in the United States as an accurate depiction of general aviation and its important contributions to all aviation industries worldwide.
Concurrently, the foundation provides aid for Parkinson's Disease patients through its HollyRod Compassionate Care Program in partnership with the Center for Parkinson's Research and Movement Disorders located at the University of Southern California's Keck School of Medicine.
Concurrently, the image processor was upgraded to version II.
Concurrently the Muslim-majority northwest and east of British India was separated into the Dominion of Pakistan, by the partition of India.
Concurrently, the old format of the 93.9 signal, 93.9 Abe FM, was moved to translator 101.1 FM (W266BZ-FM at 250 Watts).
Concurrently, the original lineup of Terrorizer was dissolved after the departures of Sandoval and guitarist Jesse Pintado (who subsequently joined Napalm Death).
Concurrently, the "Radio Park" properties were withdrawn from the Essex County tax auction list.
Concurrently, there are changes within the glomerulus itself: these include a thickening of the basement membrane, a widening of the slit membranes of the podocytes, an increase in the number of mesangial cells, and an increase in mesangial matrix.
Concurrently, the role of the mass movement (i.e., above ground Prairie Fire Collective) would include support for, and encouragement of, armed action.
Concurrently, the state voted for the opposite party federally, choosing Republican U.S. Presidential nominee, George W. Bush over Democratic nominee Al Gore in the Presidential election that year.
Concurrently, the state voted the opposite way federally, choosing Democratic U.S. Presidential nominee, incumbent Bill Clinton over Republican nominee Bob Dole in the Presidential election that year.
Concurrently, the Swedish organization TCO Development launched the TCO Certification program to promote low magnetic and electrical emissions from CRT-based computer displays; this program was later expanded to include criteria on energy consumption, ergonomics, and the use of hazardous materials in construction.
Concurrently Willis developed an interest in Tibet and published a popular book on the subject.
Concurrently with BLO, Daigle and Sciscente were also the producers and managers of disco singer Alma Faye Brooks.
Concurrently with his musical career, Keef has faced ongoing legal issues, including weapon possession charges, house arrest sentences, and a performance ban imposed by the Chicago authorities.
Concurrently with his music career, he has studied comparative religion, esoteric knowledge and philosophy since 1965, and from 1988 he has focused on Aramaic, Christian and Jewish mysticism.
Concurrently with his position as city councilman, Salcido served as mayor of Pico Rivera in 2002, 2010 and 2015.
Concurrently with his selection as President of the Missouri Botanical Garden, he was named the George Engelmann Professor of Botany at Washington University in St. Louis.
Concurrently with Howard's original acoustic pop recording, concurrent cover versions by two established acts, the Lawrence Welk Orchestra (whose version featured a now-famous basso profondo lead vocal by Larry Hooper) and The Four Knights, were also released; for a time in 1953, all three versions were top-10 hits.
Concurrently with the album's release, the Stones embarked on the successful, year-long international Licks Tour, which would result in Live Licks in 2004.
Concurrently with the expiry of the company's charter in 1923, Southern Rhodesia was granted responsible government by the UK, and became a self-governing colony.
Concurrently with the North American introduction of the Medallion, Renault sold its American business to Chrysler.
Concurrently with the release of MS-DOS 6, Helix released NETROOM v3.0 which included the Helix Cloaking technology.
Concurrently with these operations the seaplanes were used in sea rescue operations in Danish waters.
Concurrently with the story going in The Amazing Spider-Man, Marvel also started the new series Spider-Girl vol.
Concurrently with this aspect, which involves considerations regarding memory management (usually operating system related), strategies implied relate to the very diverse aspects of the I/O management.
Concurrently, WTBS was re-launched as WPCH, Peachtree TV, a traditional independent station serving the Atlanta market only.
Concurrently, Yucel is developing several film projects.
Concurrent medical problems and lower functional expectations of elderly patients often obscure the degree of impairment.
Concurrent ML (CML) is a concurrent extension of the Standard ML programming language characterized by its ability to allow programmers to create composable communication abstractions that are first class rather than built into the language.
Concurrent numbering can become very common in jurisdictions that allow it.
Concurrent object-oriented programming is a programming paradigm which combines object-oriented programming (OOP) together with concurrency.
Concurrent Pascal was designed by Per Brinch Hansen for writing concurrent computing programs such as operating systems and real-time monitoring systems on shared memory computers.
Concurrent polling was at the time also done for the Croatian European Union membership referendum, 2012.
Concurrent powers are contrasted with reserved powers (not possessed by the federal government) and with exclusive federal powers (possession by the states is forbidden or requires federal permission).
Concurrent powers can therefore be divided into two kinds: those not generally subject to federal preemption (like the power to tax private citizens); and, other concurrent powers.
Concurrent resolutions are typically adopted to regulate the internal affairs of the legislature that adopted them, or for other purposes, if authority of law is not necessary (such as in the cases of awards or recognitions).
Concurrent statement executions by two or more instances may also lead to contention, and subsequently busy waiting for the process without the lock.
Concurrent tandem catalysis (CTC) is a technique in chemistry where multiple catalysts (usually two) produce a product otherwise not accessible by a single catalyst.
Concurrent to the transfer of the property, the state agreed to allocate $1.56 million in emergency deferred maintenance funds to address the most pressing structural problems of the Legation building.
Concurrent user licensing allows firms to purchase computer systems and software at a lower cost because the maximum number of concurrent users expected to use the system or software at any given time (those users all logged in together) is only a portion of the total system users employed at a company.
Concurrent validity is a type of evidence that can be gathered to defend the use of a test for predicting other outcomes.
Concurrent validity is demonstrated when a test correlates well with a measure that has previously been validated.
Concurrent validity refers to a comparison between the measure in question and an outcome assessed at the same time.
Concurrent with competition is the "X Fest" sports and music festival, which offers live music, athlete autograph sessions, and interactive elements.
Concurrent with FM radio in Indian languages, online audio broadcasting has begun with TeluguOne Radio on Internet, popularly known as TORi.
Concurrent with her service as Commerce Secretary, Shirley was appointed by Governor Henry to serve as the Director of the Oklahoma Department of Commerce from 2007 to 2011.
Concurrent with her work as radio host, Hughes was music editor at Toronto-based alternative news weekly Now.
Concurrent with his involvement in Unsane, Signorelli runs a tattoo shop in New York called True Blue located in Queens on Fresh Pond Road.
Concurrent with his law enforcement roles, Bostrom was an Adjunct Professor at Saint Mary's University of Minnesota, University of Northwestern (Minnesota), and Hamline University.
Concurrent with his performing with Celebrity Skin, Bolles was a DJ for the short-lived radio station Mars FM.
Concurrent with his position at PNNL, he is a member of the Graduate Faculty, Materials Science & Engineering, University of Washington.
Concurrent with his role as Bishop of South Tokyo, Heaslett also served as the Presiding Bishop of the Nippon Sei Ko Kai from 1933 to 1940.
Concurrent with his role at The American College, he is a trainer at The FBI Academy and at The U.S. Marshals Service.
Concurrent with his service as Adjutant General, Cortright served in Keating's Cabinet as the Oklahoma Secretary of the Military.
Concurrent with his service as Secretary, Hendrick has served as the Director of Oklahoma Department of Human Services since July 1, 1998.
Concurrent with his service as Secretary, Howard served as the Oklahoma Commissioner of Agriculture.
Concurrent with his university administration appointments, Dr. Johnson held faculty appointments in Speech Pathology and Audiology, Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation, Otolaryngology and Communicative Sciences, and Biology.
Concurrent with his work on suicide, he had a sustained interest in the dementias, pioneering advances in understanding of Alzheimer's Disease.
Concurrent with its operational mission, the 53d WRS is also tasked with recruiting, organizing and training assigned personnel to perform aerial weather reconnaissance, and its air crews are qualified to handle tactical airlift missions.
Concurrent with its publication by Tor Books, Doctorow released the entire text of the novel under a Creative Commons noncommercial license on his website, allowing the whole text of the book to be freely read and distributed without needing any further permission from him or his publisher.
Concurrent with the airing of this season, Carter and The X-Files production team created and aired a short-lived spinoff titled The Lone Gunmen.
Concurrent with the presidential election, Senate, House, and many gubernatorial and state and local elections were also held on November 8.
Concurrent with the release of film adaptation of Dan Brown's novel The Da Vinci Code, the Baptist Press noted IRR's Ronald V. Huggins and his apologetic analysis of the film.
Concurrent with the sale, veteran Panama City radio personalities Lisa Lynnette and David Nolin joined the station for midday and afternoon drive, respectively, joining longtime personality Jim Dooley, the morning drive host.
Concurrent with these developments were the significant advances in pharmacology and physiology which led to the development of general anesthesia and the control of pain.
Concurrent with the series, the online virtual pet game that it was based upon was updated to complement the show by launching a new "Junior version" of the game based on the program and featuring its various characters and locations.
Concurrent with this event the Association of Lighthouse Keepers conduct their Lighthouse Heritage Weekend whereby lighthouse managers and keepers all around the world are encouraged to open their doors to the public for a viewing of their lighthouse and its history.
Concurrent with this movement, a loose network of facilities both public and private offered treatment to drunkards.
Concurring opinions may be held by courts but not expressed: in many legal systems the court "speaks with one voice" and thus any concurring or dissenting opinions are not reported.
Concurring with The Observer, Boyd Tonkin wrote for The Independent that 'Louise Dean's fearless, frank and darkly comic novels have brought a fresh color and character to English fiction.'Louise Dean launched a novelists' teaching website in April 2017 Kritikme.com to guide aspiring and experienced writers to complete a first draft of a novel in ninety days via an online platform offering membership of a community described as 'the safe place for serious writers' recommended in Mslexia June 2017 and The Bookseller April 2017.
Concussion, also known as mild traumatic brain injury (mTBI), is typically defined as a head injury that temporarily affects brain functioning.
Concussion can occur where an individual experiences a minor injury to the head.
Concussion Ensemble were an American post-rock group formed in Boston, Massachusetts in 1992.
Concussion is a 2013 American drama film written and directed by Stacie Passon and starring Robin Weigert.
Concussions and other types of repetitive play-related head blows in American football have been shown to be the cause of chronic traumatic encephalopathy (CTE), which has led to player suicides and other debilitating symptoms after retirement, including memory loss, depression, anxiety, headaches, and also sleep disturbances.
Concussions are estimated to affect more than 6 per 1,000 people a year.
Concussions, a type of traumatic brain injury, are a frequent concern for those playing sports, from children and teenagers to professional athletes.
Concussion scans indicated that she was normal, and she was discharged from the hospital in Turin the following day.
Concussions in England's professional rugby union are the most common injury received.
Concy Aweko (born 23 May 1991) is a Ugandan cricketer.
Conda allows users to easily install different versions of binary software packages and any required libraries appropriate for their computing platform.
Conda can install the Python programming language, while similar Python-based cross-platform package managers (such as wheel or pip) cannot.
Conda Canton is one of the cantons of the Pocona Municipality, the third municipal section of the Carrasco Province in the Cochabamba Department in central Bolivia.
Condac is a commune in the Charente department in southwestern France.
Condado De Alhama is situated close to the new proposed Corvera Airport.
Condado de Alhama is the largest development - over 900 hectares with 3 golf courses.
Condado is a beach effervescence located at the end of Ashford Avenue in Condado, Puerto Rico.
Condado is a comarca in the Galician Province of Pontevedra.
Condado Lagoon (Laguna del Condado in Spanish) is located in San Juan, Puerto Rico.
Condado (translates to county in English) is an oceanfront, tree-lined pedestrian-oriented community in Santurce.
Condair Group AG is a Swiss manufacturer of commercial and industrial humidification devices and systems.
Conda is an open source, cross-platform, language-agnostic package manager and environment management system.
Conda is a town and municipality in Cuanza Sul Province in Angola.
Conda is written in the Python programming language, but can manage projects containing code written in other languages (e.g., R), including multi-language projects.
Condalia globosa, also called bitter condalia, or bitter snakewood, is a perennial shrub, small tree of the Rhamnaceae family.
Condalia microphylla is a perennial shrub of the Rhamnaceae family, that is endemic to Argentina.
Condal is an Irish Gaelic feminine given name.
Condaminea elegans is a flowering plant species in the genus Condaminea found in Peru.
Condaminea is a genus of flowering plants in the Rubiaceae family.
Condamineeae is a tribe of flowering plants in the Rubiaceae family and contains about 305 species in 31 genera.
Condamine is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France.
Condamine is an electoral district of the Legislative Assembly in the Australian state of Queensland.
Condamine is a town and a locality in the Western Downs Region, Queensland, Australia.
Condamine is the central Ward in the Principality of Monaco.
Condamine (K698/F698), named for the Condamine River in Queensland, was a River-class frigate of the Royal Australian Navy (RAN).
Condamine takes in areas to the north-west, west and south of Toowoomba.
Condannati a morte nel vostro quieto vivere (Condemned to Death in Your Quiet Livings) is the second release for the Italian hardcore punk band Negazione.
Condate angulina is a moth in the family Erebidae.
Condate arenacea is a moth of the family Erebidae.
Condate is a genus of moths of the family Erebidae.
Condate purpurea is a moth in the family Erebidae.
Condat is a commune in the Cantal department in south-central France.
Condat (Occitan: Condat) is a commune in the Lot department in south-western France.
Condat-sur-Trincou (Occitan: Condat de Trincor) is a commune in the Dordogne department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in southwestern France.
Condat-sur-Vienne (Occitan: Condat) is a commune in the Haute-Vienne department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in western France.
Condea is a genus of flowering plants in the Lamiaceae family.
Condeau is a former commune in the modern-day Orne department (and formerly within Le Perche region) in north-western France: on 1 January 2016, it merged into the new commune of Sablons-sur-Huisne.
Condebamba District is one of the four districts of the province Cajabamba in Peru.
Conde de Casal is a station on Line 6 of the Madrid Metro.
Conde de Regla served in the Spanish Navy for three decades throughout the French Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars, finally being sold at Ferrol in 1815.
Conde de Regla was a 112-gun three-decker ship of the line built at Havanna for the Spanish Navy in 1786 to plans by Romero Landa.
Conde de Venadito was a Velasco-class unprotected cruiser of the Spanish Navy.
Condeep has the advantage that it allows for storage of oil at sea in its own construction.
Conde et al. have estimated that protecting habitat of this species would cost of order 200,000 USD.
Condee was an unincorporated community in Mason County, West Virginia.
Condeh is a Muslim and a member of the Mandingo ethnic group.
Conde is a city in Spink County, South Dakota, United States.
Conde is a municipality in the state of Bahia in the North-East region of Brazil.
Condeissiat is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France.
Condell's YouTube channel has over a third of a million subscribers, with over 70 million views.
Condemnation by the Legion would shake a film's core for success because it meant the population of Catholics, some twenty million strong at the time, were theoretically forbidden from attending any screening of the film under pain of mortal sin.
Condemnation is a fantasy novel by Richard Baker, set in the Forgotten Realms setting, based on the Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game.
Condemned 84 is a British Oi!
Condemned, a 1984 Filipino film, depicts the cruelty of big-city life, with a focus on Manila.
Condemned are a death metal / deathgrind band from Belfast, Northern Ireland.
Condemned by a British prize court, Warren subsequently served as a tender to Milford until Warren ran aground in a storm near Portsmouth, New Hampshire, and was destroyed in late December 1776.
Condemned by some modern day critics as exploitative, the Fijian chiefly system was the medium of native social interdependence and a traditional contract shared by the indigenous clans of pre-colonial Fiji, that was justly utilized for colonial rule.
Condemned: Criminal Origins (known in Europe as Condemned) is a first-person survival horror video game developed by Monolith Productions and published by Sega.
Condemned for some shockingly atrocious crime, Chaney's purpose in relating the series' stories was to convince viewers that the crimes presented in them were worse than his, thus freeing him from his purgatory.
Condemned is a 1929 American black and white pre-Code melodrama, directed by Wesley Ruggles, and starring Ronald Colman, Ann Harding, Dudley Digges, Louis Wolheim, William Elmer, and Wilhelm von Brincken.
Condemned is a Big Finish Productions audio drama based on the long-running British science fiction television series Doctor Who.
Condemned prisoners were held in a section of the prison called "The Pot".
Condemned prisoners were vigilantly observed to prevent suicide attempts.
Condemned Roscellin's form of nominalism as a heretical tritheism.
Condemned to Death is a 1932 British crime film directed by Walter Forde and starring Arthur Wontner, Gillian Lind and Gordon Harker.
Condemned Women is a 1938 American drama film directed by Lew Landers and written by Lionel Houser.
Condemning himself for a rigor which had led to the crime, Acindynus paid the gold himself, and gave the woman the field from which the earth had been brought.
Condemning the murder at a protest camp organized by the Aurat Foundation along with Peshawar Press Club and Pakistan Federal Union of Journalists, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa's Information Minister Mian Iftikhar Hussain stated:Imposing death decrees on individuals such as Farida has resulted in a negative portrayal of our country as well as Islam itself.
Condemn is an interactive website containing list of Muslims who condemn negative things such as terrorism, climate change, discrimination against women, and more.
Condensation can be brought about by processes including deacetylation and methylation; the action of methylation is indirect and has no effect upon charge.
Condensation during the G2 phase yields long chromosomes with two chromatids.
Condensation is done in a steam absorber, as opposed to the traditional condenser found in the Rankine cycle.
Condensation is the change of the physical state of matter from gas phase into liquid phase, and is the reverse of vapourisation.
Condensation of 2,4-diaminotoluene with acetaldehyde gives the acridine dye called Basic Yellow 9.
Condensation of two units of xerocomic acid form the pigments sclerocitri, badione A, and also norbadione A, which are found in the mushroom Scleroderma citrinum Pers.
Condensation proved incompatible with the structure, and the pool closed within ten years.
Condensed chromatin is not able to be transcribed as the transcription factors and enzymes are not able to access to DNA sequence in this form.
Condensed Classics (also known as Condensed Classics with Dave Shaw) was a television show that aired on the Canadian Channel Movieola.
Condensed Matter is a weekly peer-reviewed scientific journal established in 1989 and published by IOP Publishing.
Condensed milk is cow's milk from which water has been removed.
Condensed milk is used in numerous dessert dishes in many countries.
Condensed tannins (proanthocyanidins, polyflavonoid tannins, catechol-type tannins, pyrocatecollic type tannins, non-hydrolyzable tannins or flavolans) are polymers formed by the condensation of flavans.
Condensers are an essential part of any imaging device, such as microscopes, enlargers, slide projectors, and telescopes.
Condensers on the back end of the main turbines are fed cooled water from the cooling tower to condense the steam back into water.
Condensin-2 complex subunit D3 (CAP-D3) also known as non-SMC condensin II complex subunit D3 (NCAPD3) is a protein that in humans is encoded by the NCAPD3 gene.
Condensin-2 complex subunit G2 (CAP-G2) also known as chromosome-associated protein G2 (CAP-G2) or leucine zipper protein 5 (LUZP5) is a protein that in humans is encoded by the NCAPG2 gene.
Condensing boilers are water heaters fueled by gas or oil.
Condensing media, such as steam or Dowtherm A, is an exception because in this case the heat transfer coefficient doesn't depend on velocity or turbulence, but instead is related to the surface area upon which the media condenses and the efficiency of removing condensate.
Condensins are large protein complexes that play a central role in chromosome assembly and segregation during mitosis and meiosis.
Condequinto is a ground type building with elevated hall.
Condequinto is a station of the Seville Metro on line 1 named after the neighborhood of Condequinto, Dos Hermanas.
Conder had met Tom Roberts in Sydney the previous year and again at Easter 1888, where the pair had painted together at Coogee Beach.
Conder is a fellow of the New Zealand Mathematical Society and of the Royal Society of New Zealand, and in 2012 became a fellow of the American Mathematical Society.
Conder is home to the valley's main services including the Lanyon Market Place, Lanyon High School and one of the four Vikings clubs in Canberra.
Conder is one of three suburbs in the Lanyon Valley in Canberra, Australia.
Conder suggests the modern Dameh on the southern border of the Lejah district.
Conder Tokens, also known as 18th Century Provincial Tokens, are a form of privately minted token coinage struck and used during the latter part of the 18th Century and the early part of the 19th Century in England, Anglesey and Wales, Scotland, and Ireland.
Conder was born in Hamilton, New Zealand, and studied at Matamata College.
Conder was born to Sharon and Monte Conder.
Condes is a commune in the Haute-Marne department in north-eastern France.
Condesuyos Province is one of eight provinces in the Arequipa Region of Peru.
Condette is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Hauts-de-France region of France.
Conde was formerly a member of The Spirals from Washington Heights, New York, who recorded "Little Girl" and "School Bells" c. 1958 for George Goldner's End Record Label.
Conde went to a public school in Seattle and was part of the first bussing integration program.
Condezaygues is a commune in the Lot-et-Garonne department in south-western France.
ConDFW is a literary science fiction and fantasy convention held annually in the Dallas, Texas, area.
ConDFW is a production of the Texas Speculative Fiction Association.
Condica albigera, the boneset groundling, is a species of owlet moth in the family Noctuidae.
Condica albolabes is a species of owlet moth in the family Noctuidae.
Condica aroana is a species of Noctuidae that occurs in Australia and Borneo.
Condica begallo is a species of owlet moth in the family Noctuidae.
Condica capensis is a moth of the Noctuidae family.
Condica charada is a species of owlet moth in the family Noctuidae.
Condica claufacta is a species of owlet moth in the family Noctuidae.
Condica concisa is a species of moth belonging to the genus Condica.
Condica confederata, or the confederate, is a species of owlet moth in the family Noctuidae.
Condica cupentia, the splotched groundling, is a species of owlet moth in the family Noctuidae.
Condica discistriga is a species of owlet moth in the family Noctuidae.
Condica is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
Condica mobilis, the Mobile groundling, is a species of owlet moth in the family Noctuidae.
Condica morsa is a species of owlet moth in the family Noctuidae.
Condica parista is a species of owlet moth in the family Noctuidae.
Condica subornata is a moth of the Noctuidae family.
Condica sutor, or the cobbler, is a species of owlet moth in the family Noctuidae.
Condica temecula is a species of owlet moth in the family Noctuidae.
Condicinae is a subfamily of moths in the family Noctuidae, consisting of four genera, Condica, Ogdoconta, Perigea, and Platysenta.
Condicote is a small village in Gloucestershire, England.
Condie has also worked as a lecturer in New Testament at Ridley Theological College and as a research officer with the Queensland Police Service.
Condie is also the author of the New York Times bestseller Atlantia (a standalone novel published in 2014) and Summerlost (a middle grade novel published in 2016).
Condie is best known for his 1985 animated short The Big Snit and has won six international awards for Getting Started in 1979.
Condie previously worked as a professor at Brigham Young University (BYU) and also served as a mission president for the LDS Church in Eastern Europe.
Condie was previously vicar of St. Jude's, Carlton, and an Archdeacon in the Diocese of Melbourne.
Condign merit (meritum de condigno) is an aspect of Roman Catholic theology signifying merit with the dignity of Christ.
Condign merit supposes an equality between service and return; it is measured by commutative justice, and thus gives a real claim to a reward in the name of Christ.
Condit Crossing appears on the Amity U.S. Geological Survey Map and observes daylight saving time.
Condit Crossing is an unincorporated community on Banetown Road in Washington County, Pennsylvania, United States.
Condit Crossing is located 28 miles southwest of Pittsburgh in the Eastern Time Zone and has an elevation of 997 feet.
Condit Dam was the largest dam ever removed in the United States until the Elwha Ecosystem Restoration Project on the Olympic Peninsula removed the larger Elwha Dam and Glines Canyon Dams.
Condit formerly fought in the UFC's sister promotion, World Extreme Cagefighting (WEC), where he was the final Welterweight Champion.
Condit founded the community of Putnam, which was originally named Condit in his honor.
Condit gained significant national attention for an extramarital affair with intern Chandra Levy, which was exposed after Levy's disappearance in May 2001.
Condit has also competed for both Shootboxing and Pancrase in Japan.
Condit Hydroelectric Project was a development on the White Salmon River in the U.S. state of Washington.
Conditional access (abbreviated CA) or conditional access system (abbreviated CAS) is the protection of content by requiring certain criteria to be met before granting access to the content.
Conditional Access is a convention of the Council of Europe, which requires its parties to make pieces of software that circumvent paywalls for television and radio programs as well as "information society services".
Conditional budgeting is a budgeting approach designed for companies with fluctuating income, high fixed costs, or income depending on sunk costs, as well as NPOs and NGOs.
Conditional cash transfers could help reduce feminization of poverty.
Conditional comments are conditional statements interpreted by Microsoft Internet Explorer versions 5 through 9 in HTML source code.
Conditional comments are no longer supported in IE10 and IE11.
Conditional comments can be used to provide and hide code to and from Internet Explorer.
Conditional comments in HTML first appeared in Microsoft's Internet Explorer 5 browser, although support has now been deprecated.
Conditional compilation options exist to remove the requirement for a 64-bit capable compiler as many compilers for microcontrollers and DSPs do not support 64-bit arithmetic.
Conditional firm service is similar to firm service in that it is reserved and has priority over interruptible service.
Conditional gene knockout is a technique used to eliminate a specific gene in a certain tissue, such as the liver.
Conditionalism is usually paired with mortalism and annihilationism, the belief that the unsaved will be ultimately destroyed and cease to exist, rather than suffer unending torment in hell.
Conditional Limitation, in law, a phrase used in two senses.
Conditionally suppressed names - are special cases where a name which would otherwise have been valid has been petitioned for suppression by the International Commission on Zoological Nomenclature.
Conditional navigation menus can be conditionally included using control directives.
Conditional on the production of a specific commodity, MPS includes the transfer to producers associated with both production for domestic use and exports and is measured by the price gap applied to current production.
Conditional power is often criticized for this assumption.
Conditional power is the probability of observing statistical significance given the observed data assuming the treatment effect parameter equals a specific value.
Conditional release is a method of release from incarceration that is contingent upon obeying conditions of release under threat of revocation (return to prison) under reduced due process protections.
Conditional statements (if-then or if-then-else) in computer science, binary decisions about which piece of code to execute next.
Condition-based maintenance (CBM), shortly described, is maintenance when need arises.
Condition-based maintenance was introduced to try to maintain the correct equipment at the right time.
Conditioned by renowned trainer Sydney C. Laird, Colorado King won ten races in South Africa including the Cape Derby plus that country's premier event, the Durban July Handicap.
Conditioned for racing by Hall of Fame trainer, MacKenzie Miller, on August 3, 1989 the two-year-old Red Ransom won his debut race while setting a new Saratoga Race Course record for five furlongs.
Conditioned for racing by Roussel, at age two the colt won for the first time in his third start in a September 29, 2007 maiden special weight race on at Hawthorne Race Course.
Conditioned for racing by trainer Jim Day, Dauphin Fabuleux was ridden by Jeffrey Fell.
Conditioned for racing by two trainers, Leo Azpurua Jr and Terry J. Brennan, Certain had three wins and two second places in five starts at age two.
Conditioned is the third full-length studio album from hardcore punk band, Straight Faced.
Conditioned orientation reflex (COR) is a variant of VRA where more than one sound is used.
Conditioned place preference (CPP) is a form of Pavlovian conditioning used to measure the motivational effects of objects or experiences.
Conditioned play audiometry (CPA) is a type of audiometry done in children around 2 years of age.
Conditioned taste aversion occurs when an animal associates the taste of a certain food with symptoms caused by a toxic, spoiled, or poisonous substance.
Conditioned taste aversion sometimes occurs when sickness was merely coincidental and not related to the substance that caused the sickness.
Conditioners are available in a wide range of forms including viscous liquids, gels and creams as well as thinner lotions and sprays.
Conditioners specifically work to smooth the sinusoidal A.C. wave form and maintain a constant voltage over varying loads.
Condition features Antonella Lentini (Alaska), Jessica Kaye (Dr. Mary Taggert), Steve Moshier (fisherman).
Conditioning increases always the efficiency of water removal.
Conditioning is a process in which reaction factors are stabilized or enhanced.
Conditioning on the collider via regression analysis, stratification, experimental design, or sample selection based on values of the collider create a non-causal association between X and Y (Berkson's paradox).
Conditioning programs can use periodization to break up the training program into the off-season, preseason, inseason, and the postseason.
Conditioning the drilling fluid with the goal of dramatically lowering maintenance cost, avoiding excessive chemical treatment and maintaining mud systems volume will decrease the chance of equipment failure, unnecessary high mud costs, hole and drilling problems.
Condition is a 2011 science fiction film, directed by Andrei Severny and produced by Amir Naderi.
Condition is usually seen in malaria-endemic areas like Africa and Indian subcontinent.
Condition may show features of hypersplenism in severe form like anemia and thrombocytopenia.
Condition monitoring has a unique benefit in that conditions that would shorten normal lifespan can be addressed before they develop into a major failure.
Condition monitoring (or, colloquially, CM) is the process of monitoring a parameter of condition in machinery (vibration, temperature etc.), in order to identify a significant change which is indicative of a developing fault.
Condition of the Heart is the third studio album from Kashif.
Condition of the part of the mosque which made of bricks only damaged about twenty percent, and the people of Aceh highly honored this mosque as a symbol of God's greatness.
Condition Red is the name of two different fictional American comic book characters who exist in the Wildstorm Universe: Max Cash from WildC.A.T.s and Caleb from the Monarchy.
Condition Red, Red Rockers' first full-length album, was released in 1981 on 415 Records.
Conditions 1 and 2, but not 3, have been demonstrated in a number of nanostructures, such as nanoparticles, nanoislands, and quantum dots with a controlled number of magnetic atoms (between 1 and 10).
Conditions affecting the physical, mental or emotional health of the patient are assumed to be treatable by stimulation of the surface of the ear exclusively.
Conditions and questionable medical practices and experiments prompted Sen. Robert Kennedy to call it a "snake pit".
Conditions and situations for these sorts of military victories against the odds have been numerous.
Conditions are exposed and sunny, and the soil is acidic and gravelly.
Conditions are often put on these compensations; however, some companies provide them unconditionally.
Conditions associated with a myopathic gait include pregnancy, congenital hip dysplasia, muscular dystrophies and spinal muscular atrophy.
Conditions associated with polysplenia include gastrointestinal abnormalities, such as intestinal malrotation or biliary atresia, as well as cardiac abnormalities, such as dextrocardia.
Conditions at Cadet Org facilities were reportedly often dirty and unsafe, which resulted in at least two prosecutions by public authorities.
Conditions at Dagenham East station were foggy at the time.
Conditions at labor camps vary widely depending on the operators.
Conditions at the prison became so bad in 2003 that the Youth Justice Board withdrew prisoners from Ashfield, and threatened to recommend that the prison should be taken over by the public sector.
Conditions can be a specific time during development / life of the organism or limitation to a specific tissue, for example.
Conditions causing these phenomena include disruptions in the visual input along the pathways (retina, optic nerve, chiasmal and retrochiasmal lesions) lesions in the extracortical visual system, migraines, seizures, toxic-metabolic encephalopathy, psychiatric conditions and sleep apnea, among others.
Conditions could be placed on the prisoner during the time of their release.
Conditions deteriorated later that century, and by 1537, most of the meadows were permanently flooded.
Conditions diagnosable by culdoscopy include tubal adhesions (causing sterility), ectopic pregnancy, and salpingitis.
Conditions for competing in a "foreign" league, as well as in a continental/confederational competition, are set case-by-case by the international association football federation as well as the respective confederation and national association football associations involved.
Conditions for the award were similar to those governing the United States Medal of Honor.
Conditions for the internees deteriorated during the war and by the time of the liberation of the camp by the U.S. Army many of the internees were near death from lack of food.
Conditions for the return of Sevastopol and other towns and cities in the south of Crimea to Russia were clear, as it could not establish any naval or military arsenal on the coast of the Black Sea.
Conditions (full title: Conditions: a feminist magazine of writing by women with a particular emphasis on writing by lesbians) was a lesbian feminist literary magazine that came out biannually from 1976 to 1980 and annually from 1980 until 1990, and included poetry, prose, essays, book reviews, and interviews.
Conditions grew worse for Catholics after the Jacobite rebellions and Catholicism was reduced to little more than a poorly run mission.
Conditions improved following the Second World War, but the trade declined during the latter half of the 20th century.
Conditions improved however, and the prison (under new management) was given a good inspection report the following year.
Conditions in Duroville were reported in the Los Angeles Times and New York Times.
Conditions, injuries and diseases which were previously fatal can now be treated with chronic care.
Conditions inside North Korean prison camps are unsanitary and life-threatening.
Conditions in the camps were unpleasant; the parolees refused to do guard duty or routine work, claiming that would violate their parole.
Conditions in the mine and the camp were as bad, if not worse in many cases, than those experienced by POWs under Japanese control on the now-famous Railway of Death in Burma and Thailand.
Conditions in the mountains can change quickly and be harsh, particularly during winter.
Conditions in the prison as with others in Rwanda, deteriorated again despite showing improvements before the war.
Conditions in the prison have been described as "primitive," and the facility was eventually replaced by the Southern Ohio Correctional Facility, a maximum security facility in Lucasville.
Conditions in the stockade were poor: the prisoners had only concrete floors to sleep on, water only in drips from a shower, a single non-functional toilet, and poor food.
Conditions of civil amenities are poor.
Conditions of Faith is a 2000 novel by the Australian author Alex Miller.
Conditions of My Parole is the second studio album by Puscifer.
Conditions of Peace is a book written by Edward Hallett Carr.
Conditions of public order in Japan compare favorably with those in other industrialized countries.
Conditions often treated include venous stasis ulcers, varicose veins and spider veins (telangiectasia).
Conditions of the Gulf of Mexico were conducive to reef-building, which started roughly ten to fifteen thousand years ago.
Conditions of their service in Germany, besides other, include German citizenship or citizenship of EU and the driver's class B license (earlier - class III).
Conditions of the sale required the house be either demolished or moved.
Conditions on board were good for the time, with regular nutritious food, plenty of exercise and an on-board hospital, and as a result there was a mortality of less than one percent.
Conditions producing an ERC value of 24 represent a potential heat release twice that of conditions resulting in an ERC value of 12.
Conditions races are distinct from handicap races, for which the weights carried are laid down by an official handicapper to equalize the difference in ability between the runners.
Conditions races are horse races in which the weights carried by the runners are laid down by the conditions attached to the race.
Conditions requiring psychiatric interventions may include attempted suicide, substance abuse, depression, psychosis, violence or other rapid changes in behavior.
Conditions/substances to avoid are: heat, moisture, acids, flame and thin foils.
Conditions/substances to avoid are: strong oxidizers.
Conditions that can lead to falsely low sodium measurements include high blood protein levels such as in multiple myeloma, high blood fat levels, and high blood sugar.
Conditions that can result in insomnia include psychological stress, chronic pain, heart failure, hyperthyroidism, heartburn, restless leg syndrome, menopause, certain medications, and drugs such as caffeine, nicotine, and alcohol.
Conditions that cause a fluid to be compressed include: Specific volume and enthalpy inferior to that of a saturated liquid; Temperature below the saturation temperature; Pressure above the saturation pressure.
Conditions that lead to decreased motility in the stomach (gastroparesis) and surgeries on the stomach (such as vagotomy or gastric bypass) are associated with the development of phytobezoars.
Conditions that may include sensitivity to light include vertigo and chronic fatigue syndrome.
Conditions that may present similarly are diseases of the hip and early herpes zoster before the rash appears.
Conditions that may result in similar symptoms include testicular torsion, inguinal hernia, and testicular cancer.
Conditions that result in a weak immune system include HIV/AIDS, the medications used after organ transplantation, diabetes, and the use of corticosteroids.
Conditions that should be ruled out include ectopic pregnancy, pelvic inflammatory disease, interstitial cystitis, and chronic pelvic pain.
Condition such as pancreatic cancer or ovarian cancer can be considered endocrine tumors, or classified under other systems.
Conditions was an American rock band from Richmond, Virginia.
Conditions was founded in 2006 by members of the previous local bands Motion Picture Demise, Race the Sun, Scarlet and Forever in a Day (FIAD).
Conditions were cool with snow on the ground.
Conditions were difficult with a strong wind.
Conditions were made that Germany should not have weapons of mass destruction and other similar weapons, and that the country should not be able to invade the Soviet occupation zone.
Conditions were often crowded, with insufficient medical staff (particularly surgeons and nurses) to fully treat the sick and wounded.
Conditions were oppressive, with the temperature topping 100 degrees Fahrenheit by mid-morning, along with hot winds buffeting the exposed pits on the start/finish straight.
Conditions were still harsh at Fort Belmont.
Conditions were very much eased and the convicts were treated humanely.
Conditions within them are different from the open sea, as they are exposed to increased sunlight, as well as predation from land-based animals and accidental damage from tourism.
Conditions within this group include asthma, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, and viral upper respiratory infections.
Conditions worsened for the Jews of Libya after the passage of Italy's Manifesto of Race in 1938.
Condition was listed as "serious" as Mazzola recovered on a room besides Nicky Hayden.
Condition Zero features a multiplayer mode, which features updated character models, textures, maps and other graphical tweaks.
Condition Zero is a multiplayer video game, the follow-up to Counter-Strike.
Condit is an unincorporated community in Delaware County, in the U.S. state of Ohio.
Conditor alme siderum is a seventh-century Latin hymn used during the Christian liturgical season of Advent.
Condit or Conditt is a surname.
Condit originally represented California's 15th congressional district, and then later California's 18th congressional district after redistricting following the 1990 census.
Condit's youngest daughter, Helen, donated the home to the University upon her death.
Condit vs. Larson was a mixed martial arts event held by World Extreme Cagefighting.
Condit vs. Miura was a mixed martial arts event held by World Extreme Cagefighting that took place on August 3, 2008 at the Hard Rock Hotel and Casino in Paradise, Nevada.
Condobolin railway station is located on the Broken Hill line in New South Wales, Australia.
Condobolin was an electoral district of the Legislative Assembly in the Australian state of New South Wales from 1894 to 1901, in the Condobolin area.
Condo hotels are typically high-rise buildings developed and operated as luxury hotels, usually in major cities and resorts.
Condo is an American sitcom that aired on ABC from February 10 to June 9, 1983.
Condoleezza Rice served as United States Secretary of State under George W. Bush.
Condoleezza Rice visited the bunker in her March 2005 trip to six Asian nations as well as the President of South Korea Lee Myung-Bak.
Condolence is not always expressed in sorrow or grievance, as it can also be used to acknowledge a fellow feeling or even a common opinion.
Condolences were expressed to the families of the four persons who died as a result of the interception, which was condemned by the Council.
Condoliase is derived from the enzyme mucopolysaccharidase from the bacteria Proteus vulgaris.
Condom-d'Aubrac is a commune in the Aveyron department in southern France.
Condom effectiveness is how effective condoms are at preventing STDs and pregnancy.
Condom fatigue has been partially blamed for an increase in HIV infection rates, though this has not been substantiated in any study.
Condom fatigue is a term used by medical professionals and safer sex educators to refer to the phenomenon of decreased condom use.
Condom fatigue is not a universal phenomenon.
Condomi is a German condom manufacturer based in Cologne, which began production in 1988.
Condomi is currently owned by Unimill Condoms, which is a subsidiary of Ansell.
Condominial sewerage is the application of simplified sewerage coupled with consultations and ongoing interactions between users and agencies during planning and implementation.
Condominio (Apartment Block) is a 1991 Italian comedy drama film directed by Felice Farina.
Condominium is a 1980 American two-part, four-hour television miniseries based on the 1977 novel of the same name by John D. MacDonald, starring Barbara Eden, Dan Haggerty, Steve Forrest and featuring an all-star cast: Ana Alicia, Richard Anderson, Ralph Bellamy, Larry Bishop, MacDonald Carey, Dane Clark, Linda Cristal, Elinor Donahue, Don Galloway, Pamela Hensley, Arte Johnson, Jack Jones, Dorothy Malone, Mimi Maynard, Lee Paul, Nehemiah Persoff, Nedra Volz, Carlene Watkins and Stuart Whitman.
Condominium towers surround these central buildings and public spaces, forming the skyline.
Condom is a song written in 1996 by Lady Saw.
Condomi's products come in a variety of styles and flavors including strawberry, chocolate, spearmint, and coconut.
CondomMan.com is an online retailer of condoms and healthcare products headquartered in Valencia, California.
CondomMan.com is wholly owned by Green Web, Inc., a private corporation which distributes health and beauty products to retailers worldwide.
Condoms are rarely used and therefore there is a higher risk for victims to suffer from an STD.
Condoms have also become increasingly important in efforts to fight the AIDS pandemic.
Condoms, needles, and negotiation, also known as the CNN approach, is a harm reduction approach to reducing the rate of transmission of sexually transmitted infections such as HIV/AIDS through the use of safer sex and reducing the risks in injection drug use through the provision of clean needles.
Condom use remains low by international standards.
Condonation, or condonance may be made when an accuser has previously forgiven or condoned (in some way or at some level supported) the act about which they are complaining.
Condon competed for England in the men's hockey tournament at the 2014 Commonwealth Games where he won a bronze medal.
Condonella is an extinct genus of land snail in the family Urocoptidae known from the fossil species Condonella suciensis of Western North America.
Condong is a Balinese dance which is often performed as a preface to legong and accompanied by the semar pangulingan style of gamelan.
Condong is a town located in north-eastern New South Wales, Australia, in the Tweed Shire.
Condon had previously had small appearances in the award-winning comedy The Office and the long-running hospital drama Casualty, both also for the BBC.
Condon High School is a high school located in Condon, Oregon, United States.
Condon is a city in, and the county seat of, Gilliam County, in the U.S. state of Oregon.
Condon is a lunar impact crater that lies on the eastern shore of the Sinus Successus, a bay along the northeast edge of Mare Fecunditatis.
Condon is an unincorporated community and census-designated place in Missoula County, Montana, United States.
Condon is a suburb in Townsville, Queensland, Australia.
Condon is best known for bringing controversial plays to the theater.
Condon is part of the Upper Ross District and is the first of three suburbs along Riverway Drive.
Condon is the site of a U.S. post office, using ZIP Code 59826, which opened on July 1, 1952.
Condon played the role of Gemma Sweeney.
Condon retired in 1999.
Condon's first residential development was in 1968; it was named after the Condon family (William Condon) who had settled on the Ross River and had a dairy farm.
Condon's Jazz Concerts is an American old-time radio program featuring Dixieland and jazz music.
Condon USFS Airport (FAA LID: S04) is a public use airport located one nautical mile (1.85 km) northwest of the central business district of Condon, in Missoula County, Montana, United States.
Condon was a congressional staffer to Congresswoman Cathy McMorris Rodgers.
Condon was later replaced by Jimi Hayes.
Condon was previously designated Webb R before being given a name by the IAU.
Condon went to Boston College in 1974 and was inducted into the Boston College Varsity Club Athletic Hall of Fame in 1984.
Condon won an Academy Award as screenwriter for Gods and Monsters; he was also nominated for his screenplay for Chicago.
Condoor is spearheading Technology Entrepreneurship education at Saint Louis University via Weekly Innovation Challenges, iScholars program, Idea to Product (I2P), and funded research.
Condor A350 was a Swiss military motorbike.
Condor agate was discovered and named by Luis de los Santos in 1993.
Condor, Autumn Wind is a live album by American jazz trumpeter Wadada Leo Smith recorded with Harumi Makino Smith.
CondorBased on the Schweizer SGM 2-37 motor glider, a total of five RU-38s were produced between 1995 and 2005.
Condorcaga is also a natural viewpoint.
Condorcaga (possibly from Quechua kuntur condor, qaqa rock) is an archeological zone in the region of Cajamarca, in Peru.
Condorcet is a lunar impact crater that is located in the eastern part of the Moon's near side, to the southeast of the Mare Crisium.
Condor Ferries is an operator of passenger and freight ferry services between The United Kingdom, Bailiwick of Guernsey, Bailiwick of Jersey and France.
Condor Films is a film and TV production company based in Zurich, Switzerland.
Condor Films is a founding member of The International Quorum of Motion Picture Producers IQMPP.
Condori also represented Bolivia in the 3000 meters steeplechase at the 1995 Pan American Games, finishing eighth.
Condori now lives in Boardman, Ohio.
Condor is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Condor is a maxi sailing yacht designed for racing and built in 1981 by Killian Bushe at Kiwi Boats U.K.,in Penryn Penryn, England.
Condor is a municipality in the state of Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil.
Condor is the common name for two species of New World vultures, each in a monotypic genus.
Condorman is a 1981 American adventure comedy superhero film directed by Charles Jarrott, produced by Walt Disney Productions, and starring Michael Crawford, Barbara Carrera and Oliver Reed.
Condoroma District is one of eight districts of the province Espinar in Peru.
Condorraptor is a genus of megalosauroid theropod dinosaur.
Condorrat is a former village in North Lanarkshire, Scotland.
Condor's outstanding Middleweight, Jeremy Williams was found dead of an apparent suicide.
Condor was a Condor-class gunboat launched in 1876 and sold in 1889.
Condor was a Condor-class sloop launched in 1898 and lost off Cape Flattery on the North-West corner of the Continental United States during a storm in December 1901 whilst traveling from Esquimalt in Canada to Honolulu.
Condor was "probably the most famous Maxi ever, winning every major ocean racing event Twice" according to her present owners, Prosail, the overnight adventure charter outfit in Australia's Whitsundays on the Great Barrier Reef.
Condos and Commercial buildings will receive their orders to comply.
Condos is an American bass guitarist known primarily for her session and live performance work.
Condos served in the Vermont State Senate from 2000 to 2008.
Condou also works closely with Stonewall.
Condou was listed number 11 in the World Pride Power List 2013, number 15 in the World Pride Power list 2012, number 8 in the Independent on Sunday Pink Power list 2011 and 42 in the Pride Power List 2011.
Condove-Chiusa San Michele (Italian: Stazione di Condove-Chiusa San Michele) is a railway station in Chiusa San Michele and serving Condove.
Condover railway station was located in the village of Condover, Shropshire.
ConDrain conducts business mainly within the Greater Toronto Area, the Golden Horseshoe, Western Ontario, the Ottawa Region as well as in other provinces and the United States.
Condra is currently playing under contract to the Dallas Stars of the National Hockey League (NHL).
Condra left the show to appear in the short-lived NBC series Eerie, Indiana, and on various shows including Married... with Children and Walker, Texas Ranger.
Condraoceras is a genus of liroceratids from the Pennsylvanian of North America and Lower Permian of Europe with a compressed, involute, nautiliconic shell; subcircular whorl section; small umbilicus with a rounded shoulder; suture with shallow ventral and lateral lobes; and narrow subcentral siphuncle.
Condra played for the University of Notre Dame in the CCHA.
Condra was born in Trenton, Michigan, but grew up in Livonia, Michigan.
Condray is an unincorporated community in Dent County, in the U.S. state of Missouri.
Condredge Holloway (1971) was drafted as a shortstop, but ended up becoming a quarterback in the Canadian Football League, and was inducted into the Canadian Football Hall of Fame in 1999.The Expos/Nationals have made 19 selections in the supplemental round of the draft and six compensatory picks since their entry into the league in 1969.
Condredge Holloway Jr. (born January 25, 1954) is a former quarterback for the University of Tennessee and later in the Canadian Football League.
Condren has been a member of various NFL teams throughout his career.
Condren is a commune in the Aisne department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Condrey featured five pitches: a sinker, cutter, curveball, changeup, and a four-seam fastball.
Condrey is senior associate and director of the Carl Vinson Institute of Government's human resource management assistance program and adjunct professor of public administration in the University of Georgia School of Public and International Affairs.
Condruc was the team captain during the FC Baia Mare golden period between 1977 and 1981.
Condry believes that by viewing such locations more closely, we can then understand the specific dialog that occurs between global/local, producer/consumer, and artist/industry.
Conduct a fair and open competitive process to determine the successful proponent who will develop, design, build, finance, own, operate, and maintain identified major transmission infrastructure in Alberta.
Conduct amounting to the offense includes: burying the body of anyone who has died a violent death before the coroner has had the opportunity of holding an inquest on it, and preventing the burial of a dead body or disposing of a dead body in order to prevent the holding of an inquest over it in a case where the coroner has reasonable ground for holding an inquest.
Conduct Becoming has been the focus of local regional and national media coverage including CBC Television's The National, Global Television, EastLink Television, CBC Radio, Maclean's and newspapers across the country.
Conduct Becoming has grown to become an annual project on the campus of Mount Allison University.
Conduct Becoming is a not-for-profit corporation established in 2000.
Conduct Becoming is a student created and driven organization that raises money for Canadian cancer research.
Conduct Becoming was founded by Mount Allison University students Drew Dudley, Marc Carnes and Jonathan Clark as a way of remembering a fellow student Jason Abraham.
Conduct books remained popular through the 18th century, although they gradually declined with the advent of the novel.
Conduct complaints are referred to the relevant professional organization.
Conduct disorder is estimated to affect 51.1 million people globally as of 2013.
Conducted annual summer training most years at Camp Smith, Peekskill New York, 1927-1939.
Conducted as part of the celebrations of a century of rugby league in New Zealand, it was a re-creation of the original New Zealand rugby league tour of Great Britain in 1907.
Conducted a study on the plight of under trials languishing in the jails of Bihar and submitted the same for necessary action to the National Human Rights Commission.
Conducted at more than 222 American universities, it offered training in such fields as engineering, foreign languages, and medicine.
Conducted at the Canada-France-Hawaii telescope at Mauna Kea Observatories (568) in Hawaii, the survey has discovered 39 numbered objects as of 2018, with potentially hundreds more to follow.
Conducted at the new Pacific Proving Ground, specifically on islands of the Enewetak Atoll, all of the devices were mounted in large steel towers, to simulate air bursts.
Conducted by 3500 volunteers, including 2000 language experts, social historians and the staff of the NGO Bhasha Research and Publication Center, Baroda, the survey has identified 780 languages in India.
Conducted by a judge, jury, or government official, an inquest may or may not require an autopsy carried out by a coroner or medical examiner.
Conducted by Bob Corman.
Conducted by Colin Harper it was first held in Brisbane Concert Hall in 1998.
Conducted by IMRB International's Media and Panel Group, it surveys over 70,000 households, 56,000 in urban India, and 14,000 in rural India and collects a variety of information on purchases in fast-moving consumer goods, finance and telecom.
Conducted by Kent Nagano and featuring Sally Matthews in the title role and Dame Gwyneth Jones as the Queen of Hearts, the production was hailed as "World Premiere of the Year" by the German opera magazine Opernwelt.
Conducted by members of Task Force Ironhorse, US forces sought to eliminate Ba'ath Party members, paramilitary, and other subversive units.
Conducted by selva ganapathi nanbargal kuzhu vadavambalam.
Conducted by the composer Michael Hankinson with a session orchestra.
Conducted by the Israel Defense Forces' 421st brigade, its goal was the creation of a corridor in the dense Egyptian air defense array, thus allowing Israeli Air Force activity in the vicinity of the Suez Canal.
Conducted by the Kurdistan Referendum Movement alongside the Iraqi parliamentary elections and Iraqi Kurdistan elections of 2005, the referendum asked the people of Iraqi Kurdistan whether they favored remaining a part of Iraq or were in favor of an independent Kurdistan.
Conducted by the Marist Brothers and founded in 1923, Marcellin is a school of the Archdiocese of Sydney, and currently caters for approximately 962 students from Years 7 to 12.The college is affiliated with the Association of Marist Schools of Australia (AMSA), and Metropolitan Catholic Colleges (MCC).
Conducted by the Scottish branch of NatCen Social Research, in conjunction with the Unit for the Study of Government in Scotland at the University of Edinburgh, it is largely funded by the Scottish Government and its agencies.
Conducted following the Creek War, the initial meeting was held at the Chickasaw Council House and stipulated a further meeting on 28 September 1816, to be conducted at "Turkey's Town", on the Coosa River, near the present day town of Center, in Cherokee County, Alabama.
Conducted in 1992, the first survey had the purpose of ascertaining baseline information on immigrant families, children's demographic characteristics, language use, self-identities, and academic attainment.
Conducted in association with North Somerset Council and Colin Buchanan, it went permanent after journey times fell by over 50% with no loss of pedestrian safety, despite greater numbers now using the route (over 2000 vehicles and 300 pedestrians an hour).
Conducted in February from 1987 to 2003, the race is now conducted over two nights in December, alongside the Australasian Trotting Grand Prix.
Conducted in its initial phase by a "United Front Committee" organized by the Trade Union Educational League of the Workers (Communist) Party, the strike began on January 25, 1926, and officially ended only on March 1, 1927, when the final mill being picketed signed a contract with the striking workers.
Conducted in the practical production of film, video, internet, visual arts, and similar media, it is a subsection of a wider body of practice research within the arts and humanities.
Conducted in the summer of 1989, these seemingly endless movements, also known as "Freedom of Movement Drills," overwhelmed the ability of the Panamanians to observe, analyze and understand the activities.
Conducted on 7 March 1979 concurrently with Operation Rekstok; it followed Operation Reindeer and preceded Operation Skeptic.
Conducted over 2575m, rather than the staying distance of over 3000m or the sprint distance of under 2000m, the Victoria Cup was run at the Melbourne Showgrounds up until 1975, when it was shifted to Moonee Valley.
Conducted since 2009, by artistic director Peter Butterfield, the choir performs a wide range of a cappella and accompanied music, and collaborates with or performs with community and professional vocal soloists and musicians, including the Victoria Symphony.
Conducted through a series of house to house searches, the operation was intended to deprive the Irgun organization of manpower, hideouts, and weaponry.
Conducted under rules and regulations similar to the Super Rugby, the competition aimed to assist players, coaches, managers and referees in their professional development.
Conducted under United Nations auspices, the talks at Bonn sought a solution to the problem of government in Afghanistan after the US ousted the Taliban government.
Conducting a periodic detailed organizational analysis can be a useful way for management to identify problems or inefficiencies that have arisen in the organization but have yet to be addressed, and develop strategies for resolving them.
Conducting appointments soon followed in West Germany, Cyprus, Singapore and Scotland, before returning to England as Director of a Military Music School in York.
Conducting a racket is racketeering.
Conducting cells aid in transport of molecules especially for long-distance signaling.
Conducting development visits, especially in new and developing countries; Assisting with staging international tournaments, and Raising awareness of Australian football and the Australian Football League (AFL) competition.
Conducting duties were shared among staff conductors whose numbers included at various times Gustav Brecher, Johan Nepomuk Fuchs, Joseph Hellmesberger, Jr., Karl Luze, Hans Richter, Franz Schalk, Francesco Spetrino, Bruno Walter and Alexander Zemlinsky.
Conducting from the Grave is the third and final studio album by the American deathcore band, Conducting from the Grave.
Conducting from the Grave was an American deathcore band, formed in 2003 in Sacramento, California.
Conducting governmental business in this manner is a possible violation of the Presidential Records Act of 1978.
Conducting his missionary work with great ardor and zeal, his activities ranged from Badakshan, through Kashmir, and from Punjab, Sindh to Gujerat with Multan as his headquarters.
Conducting investigations of a select number of these incidents.
Conducting is the art of directing a musical performance, such as an orchestral or choral concert.
Conducting major financial transactions.
Conducting operations at more than 75 locations worldwide, the center's missions include facility investment planning, design and construction, operations support, real property management, energy support, environmental compliance and restoration, and audit assertions, acquisition and program management.
Conducting orchestras has been called a glass ceiling by the BBC.
Conducting periods of investigative travel and field work to collect source material from specific locations.
Conducting research into basic aspects of development, for example, the development of infant attachment, sleep, eating, thermoregulation, learning, attention and acquisition of language occupies most developmental psychobiologists.
Conducting the white pieces, Garry Kasparov faced the rest of the world in consultation, with the World Team moves to be decided by plurality vote.
Conducting while playing a piano or synthesizer may also be done with musical theater pit orchestras.
Conducting yarns are used to manufacture carpets and other items that dissipate static electricity, such as work clothes in highly flammable environments, e.g., in the petrochemistry industry.
Conduction anesthesia encompasses a great variety of local and regional anesthetic techniques.
Conduction velocities are affected by a wide array of factors, including age, sex, and various medical conditions.
Conductive anodic filament, also called CAF, is a metallic filament that forms from an electrochemical migration process and is known to cause printed circuit board (PCB) failures.
Conductive antistatic bags are manufactured with a layer of conductive metal, often aluminum, and a dielectric layer of plastic covered in a static dissipative coating.
Conductive bore hole fluids are necessary to create a SP response, so the SP log cannot be used in nonconductive drilling muds (e.g. oil-based mud) or air filled holes.
Conductive coupling passes the full spectrum of frequencies including direct current.
Conductive elastomers are often pressure-sensitive, with their conductivity varying with the amount of pressure put on it, and can be used to make pressure sensors.
Conductive hearing loss occurs when there is a problem conducting sound waves anywhere along the route through the outer ear, tympanic membrane (eardrum), or middle ear (ossicles).
Conductive ink is an ink that results in a printed object which conducts electricity.
Conductive inks can be a more economical way to lay down a modern conductive traces when compared to traditional industrial standards such as etching copper from copper plated substrates to form the same conductive traces on relevant substrates, as printing is a purely additive process producing little to no waste streams which then have to be recovered or treated.
Conductive ink was once thought to be used in creative t-shirt marketing design.
Conductive layers can be deposited chemically, or using vacuum deposition techniques (e.g., gold sputtering).
Conductive (metallic) mandrels are passivated (chemically) to preclude 'plating' and thereby to allow subsequent separation of the finished electroform. Non-conductive (glass, silicon, plastic) mandrels require the deposition of a conductive layer prior to electrodeposition.
Conductive nanowires have also been confirmed in the oxygenic cyanobacterium Synechocystis PCC6803 and a thermophilic, methanogenic coculture consisting of Pelotomaculum thermopropionicum and Methanothermobacter thermoautotrophicus.
Conductive polymers or, more precisely, intrinsically conducting polymers (ICPs) are organic polymers that conduct electricity.
Conductive power transfer uses a conductor to connect two electronic devices in order to transfer energy.
Conductive textiles can be made with metal strands woven into the construction of the textile.
Conductive wireless charging or simply conductive charging uses conductive power transfer to eliminate wires between the charger and the charging device.
Conductometry has notable application in analytical chemistry, where conductometric titration is a standard technique.
Conductometry is a measurement of electrolytic conductivity to monitor a progress of chemical reaction.
Conductometry is often applied to determine the total conductance of a solution or to analyze the end point of titrations that include ions.
Conductor 1492 is a 1924 American silent comedy film directed by Charles Hines and starring Johnny Hines.
Conductor 786 is a 1912 American silent short comedy film starring William Garwood, Riley Chamberlin, Jean Darnell.
Conductor and arranger David Matthews joins Klugh on the orchestrated song "Christina".
Conductor and radio commentator Bill McGlaughlin began composing in 1997, whereupon he left his conducting position at the Kansas City Symphony and moved to New York City to concentrate on composing.
Conductor-backed coplanar waveguide (CBCPW) is a common variant which has a ground plane covering the entire back-face of the substrate.
Conductor (Cdr) is an appointment held by a few selected warrant officers class 1 in the Royal Logistic Corps and is one of the most senior appointments that can be held by a warrant officer in the British Army.
Conductor clashing is the phenomenon where conductors come in contact with one another during high wind speeds or gusts.
Conductor Dr. Lynn Luce, affectionately known as Dr. Mom, interacts with the young audience during the performance and teaches some basic principles of classical music in a light-hearted fashion.
Conductor John Douglas served as the company's chorusmaster and director of the LGO's young artist program from 2002 until his death in 2010.
Conductorless orchestras generally come from the classical music tradition and perform standard repertoire, but many conductorless orchestras promote or specialize in contemporary classical music repertoire.
Conductor marking lights are a particular type of aircraft warning lights designed for overhead power lines.
Conductor Misha Rachlevsky was born in Moscow, he began his musical education at the early age of five with violin lessons, he studied at the Moscow Conservatory and the Gnessin Russian Academy of Music in Moscow.
Conductor pipe is typically set, on petroleum wells, before any drilling operations are performed.
Conductor Richard Marshall led the performance whose cast included Shawn Roy as Christopher Sly, Robert Trentham as the Lord, and Kathryn Fields as Marion Hackett.
Conductor Robert Shaw and the Robert Shaw Chorale commissioned the work after the 1945 death of President Franklin D. Roosevelt.
Conductors act as guides to the orchestras or choirs they conduct.
Conductors are also described as having a floating voltage if they are not connected electrically to another non-floating conductor.
Conductors are also used in jazz big bands and in some very large rock or pop ensembles (e.g., a rock concert that includes a string section, a horn section and a choir which are accompanying a rock band's performance).
Conductors are usually hollow aluminum tubes or aluminum bars, supported within the housing on porcelain or polymer insulators.
Conductors Boustany has worked with include Claudio Abbado, Ivan Fischer, Bramwell Tovey, John Elliot Gardiner, Roger Norrington, George Solti, Peter Szilvay, Lubnan Baalbaki, James Judd, Jordi Mora, Volodymyr Sirenko, Levon Parikian, Nicholas Cleobury, Martyn Brabbins, Michel Brandt, Varujan Kodjan, Clark Rundell, Jerzy Maksymiuk, Evelyne Aiello, Ludwig Carrasco, Nader Abbassi, Andrew Morley and Toby Purser.
Conductor's Departure is Anata's fourth full-length album.
Conductors may be identified by a color tracer on the insulation, or by a ridge molded into the insulation of one wire, or by a colored tracer thread inside the insulation.
Conductors no older than 35 years may enter.
Conductors of African descent are rare, as the vast majority are male and Caucasian.
Conductor's Thomas Tales was an American spin-off series of Shining Time Station that aired on PBS from October 7, 1996 to November 11, 1996.
Conductors who have led performances of his compositions include JoAnn Falletta, Yehudi Menuhin, and Julius Rudel.
Conduct prejudicial to good order and discipline is an offense against military law in many countries.
Conduct special studies as appropriate or directed, regarding statewide education policy, finance, or effective coordination.
Conducts Tone Poems of Color, which was new to compact disk with this set.
Conducts various live conferences and marriage seminars to a number of satellite locations worldwide.
Conduct that must be reported, on the other hand, includes matters such as breaching client confidentiality, misusing client funds, tampering with evidence, suborning perjury, offering bribes, and committing criminal acts of violence or dishonesty.
Conduct unbecoming an officer and a gentleman (or conduct unbecoming for short) is an offense that is subject to court martial in the armed forces of some nations.
Conduct Unbecoming, first staged in 1969.
Conduct Unbecoming is a play by Barry England.
Conduct will differ according to whether the state is totalitarian, authoritative, or democratic.
Conduct Zero (also known as No Manners) is a 2002 South Korean film directed by Joh Keun-shik.
Conduent Inc. is a technology-led business process services company headquartered in New Jersey.
Conduit (2013), and Chapter and Verse (2015), which showed the band returning to the more metal and hardcore influenced style of their earlier work.
Conduit 2 is a first-person shooter video game developed by High Voltage Software for the Wii video game console.
Conduit 2 supports a wide variety of peripherals such as Wii MotionPlus, Classic Controller, Classic Controller Pro, and the PDP Headbanger Headset.
Conduit Avenue and Conduit Boulevard were conceived in 1921 as part of the Conduit Highway, later the Sunrise Highway, with the original highway opening in 1929.
Conduit became Israel's largest Internet company in 2013, valued at $1.3 billion.
Conduit began to shift away from this part of its business in late 2013 when it spun off its toolbar division into Perion Network through a reverse merger.
Conduit current collection is a system of electric current collection used by electric tramways, where the power supply was carried in a 'conduit' under the roadway.
Conduit (foaled June 17, 2005 in Ireland) is a retired Thoroughbred racehorse and active sire.
Conduit had approximately 260,000 registered publishers who have collectively created content downloaded by more than 250 million end users.
Conduit hydroelectricity (or conduit hydropower) is a method of using mechanical energy of water as part of the water delivery system through man-made conduits to generate electricity.
CONduit is also a founding member of the Utah Speculative Fiction Council.
Conduit is currently standing at stud in Hokkaido, Japan.
Conduit is generally installed by electricians at the site of installation of electrical equipment.
Conduit is the sixth studio album by Welsh post-hardcore band Funeral for a Friend.
Conduit (Kenny Braverman) is a DC Comics supervillain and primarily an enemy of Superman.
Conduit Lane is an ancient unpaved route that is now a woodland path.
Conduit, often stylized as CONduit, is an annual general interest science fiction and fantasy convention held in May in Salt Lake City, Utah.
Conduit Road is a road in the Mid-Levels on Hong Kong Island in Hong Kong.
Conduit's toolbars have been described in online forums and news outlets as malware and are difficult to remove.
Conduit Street is a street in the heart of the West End of London off Bond Street, Mayfair.
Conduit's victory was the first for his jockey and the fourth for Stoute after Shergar (1981), Opera House (1993) and Golan (2002).
CONduit was founded in 1989 but took two years to plan its first convention.
Conduplicato corpore is a condition that occurs during birth if the fetus is quite small and the pelvis is large.
Conduriri District is one of five districts of the El Collao Province in Puno Region, Peru.
Condurrite is a name given to a mixture of cuprite, domeykite and tenorite.
Condurrow is a hamlet in the parish of Camborne, Cornwall, England.
Condylactis aurantiaca, common name golden anemone, is a species of sea anemone in the family Actiniidae.
Condylago is a genus of tropical orchid in the Pleurothallidinae subtribe.
Condylago rodrigoi is found only in Colombia at altitudes ranging from 4,600 feet (1,400 m) to 5,250 feet (1,600 m).
Condylar emissary vein is a vein connecting the suboccipital plexus of veins with the sigmoid sinus.
Condylar hypoplasia is known as underdevelopment of the mandibular condyle.
Condylar resorption, also called idiopathic condylar resorption, ICR, and condylysis, is a temporomandibular joint disorder in which one or both of the mandibular condyles are broken down in a bone resorption process.
Condylarthra is now thought to be a wastebasket taxon; hyopsodontids have occasionally been speculated to be related to Afrotheria, while the most recent consensus appears to be as part of Perissodactyla, and in particular closely related to horses.
Condylocardiidae is a family of small marine bivalve clams of the order Veneroida.
Condylodon is a genus of ant with an uncertain placement (incertae sedis) in the family Formicidae.
Condylolomia is a genus of snout moths.
Condylolomia metapachys is a species of snout moth.
Condylomata lata occurs in about one-third of secondary syphilis patients and is characterized by painless, mucosal, and warty erosions which are flat, velvety, moist and broad base in nature.
Condylomata lata or condyloma latum, is a cutaneous condition characterized by wart-like lesions on the genitals.
Condylopyge is a genus of very small trilobites, that lived during the latest Early and the early Middle Cambrian, in what are today Canada (Newfoundland and New Brunswick), Czech Republic, England and Wales, France, Germany, Italy, Morocco, the Russian Federation (North-East Siberia), Spain, Turkey and Sweden.
Condylorrhiza epicapna is a moth in the family Crambidae.
Condylorrhiza is a genus of moths of the family Crambidae.
Condylostoma is a genus of unicellular ciliate protists, belonging to the class Heterotrichea.
Condylostylis is a small genus of flowering plants in the legume family, Fabaceae.
Condylostylus calcaratus is a species of long-legged fly in the family Dolichopodidae.
Condylostylus caudatus is a species of long-legged fly in the family Dolichopodidae.
Condylostylus coloradensis is a species of long-legged fly in the family Dolichopodidae.
Condylostylus connectans is a species of long-legged fly in the family Dolichopodidae.
Condylostylus furcatus is a species of longlegged fly in the family Dolichopodidae.
Condylostylus graenicheri is a species of long-legged fly in the family Dolichopodidae.
Condylostylus inermis is a species of long-legged fly in the family Dolichopodidae.
Condylostylus inornatus is a species of long-legged fly in the family Dolichopodidae.
Condylostylus is a genus of flies in the family Dolichopodidae.
Condylostylus melampus is a species of long-legged fly in the family Dolichopodidae.
Condylostylus mundus is a species of long-legged fly in the family Dolichopodidae.
Condylostylus occidentalis is a species of long-legged fly in the family Dolichopodidae.
Condylostylus patibulatus is a species of long-legged fly in the family Dolichopodidae.
Condylostylus tonsus is a species of long-legged fly in the family Dolichopodidae.
Condylostylus viridicoxa is a species of long-legged fly in the family Dolichopodidae.
Cone Athletic Park or Cone Park was a minor league baseball park in Greensboro, North Carolina.
Cone beam computed tomography (or CBCT, also referred to as C-arm CT, cone beam volume CT, or flat panel CT) is a medical imaging technique consisting of X-ray computed tomography where the X-rays are divergent, forming a cone.
Cone beam reconstruction uses a 2-dimensional approach for obtaining projection data.
Cone bush, conebush, or cone-bush is a common name for various plants, usually dicotyledonous shrubs that bear their flowers and seeds in compact, cone-shaped inflorescences and infructescences.
Cone cGMP-specific 3',5'-cyclic phosphodiesterase subunit alpha' is an enzyme that in humans is encoded by the PDE6C gene.
Cone clutches are generally now only used in low peripheral speed applications, although they were once common in automobiles and other combustion engine transmissions.
Coneconam was an early 17th-century Wampanoag slave, and later, it is suspected, sachem of Manomet.
Conecuh County School District is a school district in Conecuh County, Alabama.
ConeExpress satellites would travel to the Geostationary orbit, lock on to satellites that have run out of fuel and extend their lives.
CONEFO was dissolved on 11 August 1966 by General Suharto, who had de facto overthrown Sukarno as Indonesia's leader.
CONEFO was officially established on 7 January 1965, after Sukarno's government objected to Malaysia becoming a non-permanent member of the UN Security Council at a time when Indonesia had declared a low-level conflict called "konfrontasi" (confrontation) against Malaysia.
Cone Glacier contains two arms that surround the volcano.
Cone Glacier Volcano is a cinder cone in the Boundary Ranges of the Coast Mountains in northwestern British Columbia, Canada.
Cone has an emergency department recognized as a Level II trauma center, which as of 2005-2007, served approximately 65,000 arrivals per year.
Conehatta is a census-designated place (CDP) in Newton County, Mississippi.
Coneheads are a type of bush crickets or katydids.
Coneheads is a 1993 American science fiction comedy film from Paramount Pictures, produced by Lorne Michaels, directed by Steve Barron, and starring Dan Aykroyd, Jane Curtin and Michelle Burke.
Cone Health Behavioral Health Hospital (part of Cone Health), located at 700 Walter Reed Drive in Greensboro, North Carolina, is an 80-bed facility that specializes in helping children, adolescents and adults cope with mental health and/or addiction issues.
Cone-in-cone structures are secondary sedimentary structures that form in association with deeper burial and diagenesis.
Cone is an unincorporated community in Crosby County, Texas, United States.
Cone is best known for the founding of the world's first digital printmaking studio, Cone Editions Press and developer of quad-black ink jet systems for printing fine black-and-white photographs including the first commercially available method of producing fine art black-and-white prints in the digital darkroom.
Conejo Island, in Spanish Isla Conejo, meaning "rabbit island", is a disputed island between El Salvador and Honduras located in the Gulf of Fonseca.
Conejo Mountain Funeral Home, Memorial Park and Crematory is a funeral home and cemetery in Camarillo, Ventura County, California, established in 1965.
Conejo Recreation and Park District (CRPD) is the park management agency for most of the parks in the Conejo Valley, California.
Conejos County is one of the 64 counties of the U.S. state of Colorado.
Conejos has the distinction of being the only unincorporated county seat in the state of Colorado.
Conejos is a census-designated place, a U.S. Post Office, and the county seat of Conejos County, Colorado, United States.
Conejos is a historic site of Hispano settlement.
Conejo Valley Airport, also known as Janss Airport, was an airport in Thousand Oaks, California.
Conejo Valley Art Museum is also located here.
Conejo Valley Art Museum is a museum located at Janss Marketplace in Thousand Oaks, California.
Conejo Valley Art Museum presents the annual Thousand Oaks ArtWalk, which draws 12-14,000 spectators and includes outdoor art exhibitions and live music.
Conejo Valley's longest creek, Arroyo Conejo, flows through the southern parts of Hickory Park.
Conejo Valley Unified School District or CVUSD is a school district in Ventura County.
Conella is a genus of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Columbellidae, the dove snails.
Conella ovulata is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Columbellidae, the dove snails.
Conella ovuloides is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Columbellidae, the dove snails.
CONELRAD (Control of Electromagnetic Radiation) was a method of emergency broadcasting to the public of the United States in the event of enemy attack during the Cold War.
Conelrad was an American heavy metal duo from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
Conemaugh Health System is located in Johnstown, Pennsylvania.
Conemaugh Health System is the largest health care provider in west central Pennsylvania, with hospitals, physician offices, and outpatient centers in five counties.
Conemaugh Township Area Middle/Senior High School is a public Middle and High School, serving students in Grades 6-12 in the Conemaugh Township Area School District.
Conemaugh Township Area School District covers the Borough of Benson and Conemaugh Township and the western portion of Paint Township in Somerset County, Pennsylvania.
Conemaugh Township includes the towns of Jerome, Davidsville, Tire Hill, Thomas Mills, part of Holsopple, and surrounding countryside.
Conemaugh Township is a township in Cambria County, Pennsylvania, United States.
Conemaugh Township is a township in Indiana County, Pennsylvania, United States.
Conemaugh Township is a township in Somerset County, Pennsylvania, United States.
Cone mid-range drivers typically resemble small woofers.
Cone Mills Corporation was a world leader in textile manufacturing of corduroy, flannel, denim and other cotton fabrics for most of the 20th century.
Cone Mountain is a summit in Alberta, Canada.
Cone Mountain was so named on account of its shape.
Conemtech is a Swedish fabless semiconductor company created in 2009 by a management buy out of selected assets of the Swedish company, Imsys AB.
Conemtech's first major order was announced in January 31, 2011 for use in mobile phone network base stations for a major Chinese carrier.
ConEmu doesn't provide any shell itself, but rather allows using any other shell.
ConEmu presents multiple consoles and simple GUI applications as one customizable GUI window with tabs and a status bar.
ConEmu (short for Console emulator) is a free and open-source tabbed terminal emulator for Windows.
Cone of Silence is a 1960 British drama film directed by Charles Frend and starring Michael Craig, Peter Cushing, George Sanders, and Bernard Lee.
Cone of Silence is loosely based on the 1952 crash in Rome and investigations into the structural integrity of the de Havilland Comet.
Conerly Trophy is an award given annually to the best college football player in the state of Mississippi by the Mississippi Sports Hall of Fame.
Cone-rod homeobox protein is a protein that in humans is encoded by the CRX gene.
Conery is a former nun from British Columbia who teaches feminist literary analysis at North Island College on Vancouver Island.
Cone shaped cigarette tubes are known as cones and can be filled using a packing stick or straw because of their cone shape.
Cone sheets are relatively thin inclined sheets, generally just a few meters thick, with the geometry of a downward-pointing cone.
Cones in Athabasca Vallis, as seen by HiRISE.
Cone-Skelton's work is represented in the collections of various regional museums and galleries, public and private collections.
Cones Mills is a ghost town in Delaware County, in the U.S. state of Ohio.
Cone smoking is popular because as the cigarette burns it tends to get stronger and stronger.
Cones moved to Nashville in 1996 to finish his BBA (with an emphasis in studio production) at Belmont University.
Cone snail is a generic term referring to a number of different genera and families of sea snails with conical shells.
Cone's perfect game gave the Yankees the record for the franchise with most perfect games, breaking a two-perfect game tie with the Cleveland Indians.
Cone's perfect game was the 247th no-hitter in MLB history, and 11th, and to date last no-hitter in Yankees history.
Cones require significantly brighter light (i.e., a larger numbers of photons) in order to produce a signal.
Conessine is a steroid alkaloid found in a number of plant species from the Apocynaceae family, including Holarrhena floribunda, Holarrhena antidysenterica and Funtumia elastica.
Conestee is an unincorporated community in Greenville County, South Carolina, United States.
Conestee Mill and McBee Methodist Church are listed on the National Register of Historic Places and located in Conestee.
Conestee's main attraction is Lake Conestee Nature Park.
Conestoga Cork Works Building, also known as E. Rosenwald & Co. Tobacco Warehouse, Rose Bros. & Co., Farmers Supply, and Rosenwald Court Apartments, is a historic factory and tobacco warehouse located at Lancaster, Lancaster County, Pennsylvania.
Conestoga Foundrymen's Association (CFA) is an Industry Trade Group consisting of member foundries in South Central Pennsylvania and foundry supply companies that service those foundries.
Conestoga Mall is an enclosed shopping mall in Grand Island, Nebraska.
Conestoga Mall Transit Terminal is located beside the King Street entrance on the westerly side of Conestoga Mall in Waterloo, Ontario.
Conestoga originally consisted of surplus LGM-30 Minuteman stages with additional strap-on boosters, as required for larger payloads.
Conestoga Public Schools is a consolidated school district located in southeast Nebraska in the United States, serving the communities of Murray, Beaver Lake, Union, Lake Waconda, and Nehawka, and throughout rural Cass County.
Conestoga Township is a township in west central Lancaster County, Pennsylvania, United States.
Conestoga Traction, later Conestoga Transportation Company, was a classic American regional interurban trolley that operated seven routes 1899 to 1946 radiating spoke-like from Lancaster, Pennsylvania to numerous neighboring farm villages and towns.
Conestoga was a literary science fiction and fantasy convention held annually in Tulsa, Oklahoma from 1997 through 2010, after which it was suspended for financial and logistical reasons.
Conestoga was an iron-clad wooden steam freighter constructed in 1878.
Conestoga will be the northern terminus of the Region of Waterloo's Ion rapid transit system, which is scheduled to open in 2018.
Conestoga Wood Specialties is a manufacturer of wood doors and components for kitchen, bath and furniture, based in East Earl, Pennsylvania.
Conestogo is a community in the Canadian province of Ontario, located in the township of Woolwich in Waterloo Region.
Conesus Amusement Hall, now known as Conesus Town Hall, is a historic multi-purpose community hall located at Conesus in Livingston County, New York.
Conesus Hamlet is a hamlet (and census-designated place) located in the Town of Conesus, Livingston County, New York, United States.
Conesus is a town in Livingston County, New York (NY), United States.
Conesus Lake is a hamlet and census-designated place in Livingston County, New York, United States.
Conesville began operations in 1957.
Conesville is a city in Muscatine County, Iowa, United States.
Conesville is a village in Coshocton County, Ohio, United States, along the Muskingum River.
Conesville Power Plant is a 1.59-gigawatt (1,590 MW) coal power plant located east of Conesville, Ohio in Coshocton County, Ohio.
Cones were formed from lava interacting with ice.
Coneta is a village and municipality in Catamarca Province in northwestern Argentina.
Coneto de Comonfort is a town and seat of the municipality of Canelas, in the state of Durango, north-western Mexico.
Cone tracing and beam tracing are a derivative of the ray tracing algorithm that replaces rays, which have no thickness, with thick rays.
Cone tracing is a similar technique using a cone instead of a complex pyramid.
ConEuc was designed for concurrent, high performance, highly reliable system software, such as operating systems, compilers and embedded microprocessor systems.
ConEuc was implemented by a small (50k bytes), fast, portable compiler that was self-compiling and had replaceable code generators.
Conewago is an unincorporated community in West Donegal Township in Lancaster County, Pennsylvania, United States.
Conewago is located at the intersection of Zeager Road and Bossler Road near Conewago Creek.
Conewago Township is a township in Adams County, Pennsylvania, United States.
Conewago Township is a township in Dauphin County, Pennsylvania, United States.
Conewango Creek flows on the east boundary of the settlement.
Conewango is a town in Cattaraugus County, New York, United States.
Conewango Township is a township in Warren County, Pennsylvania, United States.
Cone, who lives in California, manages the business aspects of the foundry.
Conexant itself then spun off several business units, creating independent public companies which included Skyworks Solutions and Mindspeed Technologies.
Conexant Systems, Inc. was an American-based software developer and fabless semiconductor company.
Conexibacter arvalis is a Gram-positive, non-spore-forming, short rod-shaped and motile bacterium from the genus of Conexibacter which has been isolated from soil from Saitama prefecture in Japan.
Conexibacter is a Gram-positive, non-spore-forming and aerobic genus of bacteria from the family of Conexibacteraceae.
Conexibacter stalactiti is a Gram-positive, strictly aerobic, non-spore-forming, rod-shaped and motile bacterium from the genus of Conexibacter which has been isolated from stalactites from a lava cave in Jeju in Korea.
Conexibacter woesei is a Gram-positive and mesophilic bacterium from the genus of Conexibacter which has been isolated from forest soil in Italy.
CONEXPO-CON/AGG is a result of the merger of CONEXPO and CON/AGG in 1996.
CONEXPO-CON/AGG is a trade show for the construction industry that takes place every three years.
Con Express is a 2002 direct-to-video action film with a political edge, starring by Arnold Vosloo, Sean Patrick Flanery, and Tim Thomerson.
Conexus Credit Union is Saskatchewan's largest and Canada's sixth largest credit union.
Conexus has $5.79 billion in consolidated assets, more than 120,000 members, and 41 branches across the province.
Coney Bay is a natural bay on the island of Newfoundland in the province of Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.
Coney Bay is east of it.
Coney Beach Pleasure Park is a small amusement park in Porthcawl, Mid Glamorgan in Wales, in operation since 1920.
Coneybeare has also worked as a voice actor for several cartoons.
Coneybury Henge is a henge which is part of the Stonehenge Landscape in Wiltshire, England.
Coney-catching is Elizabethan slang for theft through trickery.
Coneygar is a suburb of Bridport in Dorset, England.
Coneygree became the first novice to win the Cheltenham Gold Cup since 1974.
Coneygree (foaled 23 February 2007) is a British Thoroughbred racehorse who competes in National Hunt races.
Coney Hall is an area of south east London within the London Borough of Bromley.
Coney Hatch, Coney Hatch's first album, was released in 1982.
Coney Hatch is a Canadian hard rock band who released three albums in the 1980s.
Coney is an unincorporated community in Crisp County, in the U.S. state of Georgia.
Coney Island, alternatively known as Pulau Serangoon, is a 133-hectare island located off the northeastern coast of Singapore within the town of Punggol, between Pulau Ubin to its northeast and the mainland to its southwest.
Coney Island Avenue frontage is dominated by mixed-use housing: pre-war apartment buildings, small shops, including a large number of antique shops, and service businesses.
Coney Island Avenue is a roadway in the New York City borough of Brooklyn that runs north-south for a distance of roughly five miles, almost parallel to Ocean Parkway and Ocean Avenue.
Coney Island Baby is a 2003 comedy-drama in which film producer Amy Hobby made her directorial debut.
Coney Island Fire Station Pumping Station is a historic pumping station located in Brooklyn, New York, New York.
Coney Island has been featured in novels, films, television shows, cartoons, and theatrical plays.
Coney Island Ice Cream Stars wins their third PBA title in a 4-2 series victory over the San Miguel Beermen.
Coney Island is a 1928 American silent drama film directed by Ralph Ince and starring Lois Wilson, Lucille Mendez, and Eugene Strong.
Coney Island is a 1991 documentary film that traces the history of Coney Island, the westernmost part of the barrier islands of Long Island, New York.
Coney Island is an abandoned island located in Massachusetts Bay in Salem, Massachusetts.
Coney Island is an island on the New River at Hinton in Summers County, West Virginia.
Coney Island is a peninsular residential neighborhood, beach, and leisure/entertainment destination of Long Island on the Coney Island Channel, which is part of the Lower Bay in the southwestern part of the borough of Brooklyn in New York City.
Coney Island is a small seaside hamlet and townland of 48 acres in County Down, Northern Ireland, between the villages of Ardglass and Killough.
Coney Island is a village in Stone County, Missouri, United States.
Coney Island is located directly downstream from Bushes Island.
Coney Island railway station was on the Downpatrick, Killough and Ardglass Railway, which ran from Downpatrick to Ardglass in Northern Ireland.
Coney Island took its name from a nearby lake island, which was a popular summer resort.
Coney Island was originally part of the colonial town of Gravesend.
Coney or Cony is a medieval English word meaning rabbit.
Coney plays his club football for Ardboe O'Donovan Rossa and won the Tyrone Minor Championship with the club in 2008.
Coney returned home as planned in December for Christmas and to play for Ardboe Minors in the Ulster Minor Club Championship, where they were beaten by Ballinderry at the quarter-final stage.
Coney Reyes on Camera was a weekly drama anthology that aired from 1984 to 1998 in 2 networks (ABS-CBN and RPN) and became the longest running drama anthology in Philippine TV history until ABS-CBN's Maalaala Mo Kaya broke the record in 2006.
Coney Reyes was the host, lead star, actress and producer.
Coney Rock is a 600 foot tall, 1,000 foot long, glacially formed granite and gneiss ridge in Storrs, Connecticut, part of the town of Mansfield.
Coneysthorpe is a small village and civil parish in the Ryedale district of North Yorkshire, England.
Coney was due to return to Australia in January 2009, but decided to remain in Ireland and chose Gaelic football over Australian Rules.
Confarreatio seems to have been limited to those whose parents were also married by confarreatio, but later, perhaps with the rise of plebeian nobiles, this requirement must have been relaxed.
ConfDesigner is a graphical environment written in Java, which eases the design of complex system configurations.
ConfDesigner is based on the Netbeans Graph Library.
Confectioners who make aniseed twists include Bonds of London and Trebor.
Confectionery is the art of making confections, which are food items that are rich in sugar and carbohydrates.
Confectionery stores including penny candy stores line both sides of the street.
Confections are produced in all 50 states, creating jobs for approximately 55,000 workers in more than 1,000 manufacturing facilities across the country.
Confederacy of Ruined Lives is the fourth studio album by sludge metal band Eyehategod, released on September 19, 2000.
Confederate Army troops stationed there saw action during the American Civil War.
Confederate attacks were driven back with heavy casualties.
Confederate attempts to burn the structure had failed, and mooring ropes had been cut on the Confederate side so that the pontoon bridge drifted in the river.
Confederate Brigadier General James J. Archer took two brigades, consisting of the 1st, 7th and 14th Tennessee Regiments, as well as the 13th Alabama Regiment over Willoughby Run and through Herbst Woods to engage the Union brigades.
Confederate casualties were not reported but Wilson's force captured 300 of Forrest's men and 3 artillery pieces.
Confederate casualties were zero.
Confederate cavalry, commanded by Maj. Gen. Nathan Bedford Forrest, faced over 7,000 cavalry under the command of Brig.
Confederate cavalry under Colonel Nathan Bedford Forrest, numbering between 200 and 300, attacked, encircled and defeated a Union force of 500 under Major Eli H. Murray which had been watering south of the town after moving across the bank of the Green River.
Confederate Cemetery at Lewisburg is a historic cemetery located at Lewisburg, Greenbrier County, West Virginia.
Confederate Cemetery Monument is a monument that includes a cemetery for veterans of the Confederate States Army during the American Civil War, especially the Battle of Farmington under General Joseph Wheeler, in Farmington, Tennessee, U.S..
Confederate cemetery south of Richmond, Virginia and is located in Marietta, Georgia adjacent to the larger Marietta City Cemetery.
Confederate coastal areas and ports were seized in southeastern Virginia and North Carolina.
Confederate colonel Adam Rankin Johnson led the raid by using a force of only about 35 men he had recruited from nearby Henderson, Kentucky.
Confederate counterattacks, directed by Maj. Gen. James Longstreet, threatened to overwhelm the Union left flank, until Brig.
Confederated Tribes of Siletz Indians in the United States is a federally recognized confederation of more than 27 Native American tribes and bands who once inhabited a range from northern California to southwest Washington, and between the summit of the Cascades and the Pacific Ocean.
Confederated Tribes of the Chehalis Reservation is a federally recognized tribe of Upper and Lower Chehalis, Klallam, Muckleshoot, Nisqually, and Quinault peoples.
Confederated Tribes of the Colville Reservation is the federally recognized tribe that controls the Colville Indian Reservation, which is located in northeastern Washington, United States.
Confederate forces defeated the Union's only attempt to capture Charleston, South Carolina, by land.
Confederate forces engaged, but failed to prevent Union forces under Brigadier General W.W. Averell from a rendezvous with other Federal troops in a joint raid on Confederate railways.
Confederate forces in Charleston, South Carolina deployed the newly built semi-submersible CSS David to attach a spar torpedo to the hull of USS New Ironsides.
Confederate forces laid siege to the city later that year, but retreated after failing to breach the city's fortifications during the Battle of Fort Sanders.
Confederate forces tried to surprise Union forces near Legareville on Johns Island but failed to destroy the federal forces or drive them away from Legareville.
Confederate forces under Lieutenant General Richard S. Ewell threatened Harrisburg during the June 1863 Gettysburg Campaign, but did not launch any serious efforts to take the city due to being recalled towards Gettysburg by General Robert E. Lee.
Confederate forces under Maj. Gen. James Longstreet successfully drove back Union forces under Brig.
Confederate forces under Major General Thomas J. "Stonewall" Jackson cleared Union forces under Major General Nathaniel Banks and Brigadier General William S. Rosecrans from the lower Shenandoah Valley and surrounding Allegheny ranges, and then successfully severed the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad and the Chesapeake and Ohio Canal.
Confederate forces used Ellwood as a headquarters and then hospital after the Battle of Chancellorsville in 1863.
Confederate forces withdrew from Mulberry Island in May 1862 to move closer to Richmond, so Fort Crafford never saw combat.
Confederate general John B. Gordon (1832-1904) was an early student.
Confederate General P. G. T. Beauregard, who had commanded the defenses of Charleston and captured Fort Sumter in the first battle of the war, was in overall command of the defenders.
Confederate General Robert E. Lee drove the invading Union Army of the Potomac, commanded by Maj. Gen. George B. McClellan, away from Richmond and into a retreat down the Virginia Peninsula.
Confederate General Robert E. Lee followed up his successes of the Seven Days Battles in the Peninsula Campaign by moving north toward Washington, D.C., and defeating Maj. Gen. John Pope and his Army of Virginia.
Confederate General Stand Watie led the attackers during both raids.
Confederate General William Mahone (1826-1895), owned the property from 1862 to 1868.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
Confederate General William W. Mackall grew up in Childs at the Wilna, a home said to date to 1740.
Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee attempted to capitalize on his first day's success.
Confederate heritage in Selma, AlabamaWhen published, Confederates in the Attic became a bestseller in the United States.
Confederate Hills is an unincorporated community in Washington County, Maryland, United States.
Confederate History Month is a month designated by six state governments in the Southern United States for the purpose of recognizing and honoring the history of the Confederate States of America.
Confederate Home Guard units worked in coordination with the Confederate Army, and were tasked with both the defense of the Confederate home front during the American Civil War, as well as to help track down and capture Confederate Army deserters.
Confederate Honey is a 1940 Merrie Melodies animated cartoon short directed by Friz Freleng and produced by Leon Schlesinger.
Confederate imprints are important as sources of the history of the Civil War and many institutional libraries have formed large collections of these works.
Confederate Ireland or the Union of the Irish (Latin: Hiberni Unanimes) refers to the period of Irish self-government between 1642 and 1649, during the Eleven Years' War.
Confederate Ironclad is a 1912 short spy film set during the American Civil War.
Confederate is an unincorporated community in Lyon County, Kentucky, United States.
Confederate is a planned American television and alternate history drama series set in a timeline where the American Civil War ended in a stalemate.
Confederate is currently manufacturing an all new G3 Confederate Fighter while it winds down production of the last few individually numbered Confederate G2 P-51 Combat Fighters and FA-13 Combat Bombers.
Confederate Last Stand Monument is a Confederate memorial in Little Rock, Arkansas, in the United States.
Confederate leaders hoped he would join them, but he sought to keep his people on neutral ground and avoid the conflict of the Civil War.
Confederate Lieutenant General Nathan Bedford Forrest surrendered near Gainesville on May 9, 1865.
Confederate Lieutenant Lewis E. Parsons had two cannons which fired a couple of rounds before they were overrun.
Confederate Lt. Gen. John C. Pemberton and his army were besieged in Vicksburg, Mississippi, by Union commander Maj.
Confederate Maj. Gen. Theophilus H. Holmes made a feeble attempt to attack the Union left flank at Turkey Bridge but was driven back.
Confederate Major General John B. Magruder's extensive defensives beginning at Lee's Mill and extending to Yorktown along the Warwick River caused the Union Army of the Potomac Commander Major General George B. McClellan to initiate a month-long siege of the Warwick-Yorktown Line which lasted until May 3, 1862 and contributed to the eventual failure of McClellan's campaign.
Confederate Memorial Day (called Confederate Heroes Day in Texas, and Confederate Decoration Day in Tennessee) is a holiday observed in several Southern states since the end of the American Civil War to remember the estimated 258,000 Confederate soldiers and sailors who died fighting against the Union.
Confederate Memorial Hall Museum is a museum located in New Orleans which contains historical artifacts related to the Confederate States of America (C.S.A.) and the American Civil War.
Confederate Memorial The Confederate Memorial (also referred to as the First Confederate Memorial) at Indian Mound Cemetery in Romney, West Virginia, commemorates residents of Hampshire County who died during the American Civil War while fighting for the Confederate States of America.
Confederate Military History is a 12-volume series of books written and/or edited by former Confederate Brigadier General Clement A. Evans that deals with specific topics related to the military personalities, places, battles, and campaigns in various Southern United States states, including those of the Confederacy.
Confederate monuments were erected at the cemetery and on the grounds in the early 20th century.
Confederate Motorcycles is an American manufacturer of exotic street motorcycles.
Confederate Park (formerly Dignam Park until 1914) is a public park in Jacksonville, Florida, on the southern bounds of the historic neighborhood of Springfield.
Confederate patriotism refers to the patriotism of people towards the historic Confederate States of America located in what is now the southern United States.
Confederate power in the New Mexico Territory was effectively broken after the Battle of Glorieta Pass in 1862.
Confederate President Jefferson Davis announced that the North would not compromise.
Confederate President Jefferson Davis, himself a former officer and West Point graduate (class of 1828), preferred West Point trained officers for the Confederate States Army (CSA).
Confederate President Jefferson Davis spoke here during his visit to Atlanta of February 16, 1861, although he did not spend the night.
Confederate president Jefferson Davis was a Mississippi politician and operated a large slave cotton plantation there.
Confederate railroads in the American Civil War were in the Department's purview.
Confederates, both veterans and women, were especially active in forging the myth of the Lost Cause of the Confederacy.
Confederates in Charleston sent reinforcements under General Alfred H. Colquitt and the two armies collided near Ocean Pond in Olustee.
Confederate Soldier Monument in Lexington, in Lexington Cemetery in Lexington, Kentucky, was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on July 17, 1997, as part of the Civil War Monuments of Kentucky MPS.
Confederate States Navy warships operated in the Pacific Ocean, but the naval operations did not succeed in interrupting commerce to the Eastern United States.
Confederate States Secretary of War Judah P. Benjamin sent an order relieving Wise and ordering him to Richmond, and Floyd commanded the brigade-sized force until he was sent to the Western Theater.
Confederates then seized the Legion's commissary supplies on the edge of town, and fired two warning shots into the downtown from their artillery, convincing Jordan that continued resistance was futile and leading him to surrender his force and Corydon.
Confederate success in this failed campaign would have denied the Union a major source of the gold and silver necessary to finance its war effort, and the Union navy would have had the additional difficulty of attempting to blockade several hundred miles of coastline in the Pacific.
Confederate surgeon and Civil War diarist Dr. Richard Eppes initially served with the 3rd Virginia, before furnishing a substitute to complete his term of service.
Confederates were citizens of both the federal republic and of the state in which they resided, due to the shared sovereignty between each state and the Confederate government.
Confederate troops from Savannah joined other forces in North Carolina and South Carolina and continued to fight until April 26, 1865, when they surrendered to General Sherman's army at Durham, North Carolina.
Confederate units in the vital Kanawha River valley of western Virginia were styled the "Army of the Kanawha" after they were put under the command of former Virginia governor Henry A. Wise on June 6, 1861.
Confederation Building is a building in Winnipeg, Manitoba, built by architect J. Wilson Gray.
Confederation Congress Proclamation of 1783 was a proclamation by the Congress of the Confederation dated September 22, 1783 prohibiting the extinguishment of aboriginal title in the United States without the consent of the federal government.
Confederation GO Station is a planned train station to be built by Metrolinx in the community of Stoney Creek in East Hamilton, Ontario on the Canadian National Railway line.
Confederation Heights includes the Clarke Memorial Center (RA Center), the Taxation Data Center (Revenue Canada), the Edward Drake Building (formerly Canadian Broadcasting Corporation and Communications Security Establishment), the Sir Leonard Tilley Building (formerly Communications Security Establishment), Canada Post Place (Canada Post headquarters), the Sir Charles Tupper Building (Public Works Canada), Hog's Back Park, Vincent Massey Park and Confederation O-Train Station.
Confederation Heights is an area in south Ottawa, Canada, made up of mostly government buildings.
Confederation Heights sits at the northern tip of the neighborhood.
Confederation High School was an Ottawa area high school from 1967 to 1999.
Confederation Lake Water Aerodrome, (TC LID: CJL7), is located on Confederation Lake, Ontario, Canada.
Confederation Mall is a 329,128 sq.
Confederation membership is entirely voluntary.
Confederation Next, all shown worldwide in museums and other art spaces from countries like Argentina, Australia, Brazil, Canada, Chile, China, Cuba, France, Germany, Italy, Ireland, Switzerland, Spain, United Kingdom, United States or Uruguay.
Confederation of African Athletics accepts only athletes who are representing one of the organization's African member states and the body recognizes records set at editions of the African Athletics Championships.
Confederation of African Athletics (CAA) doesn't maintain an official list for such performances.
Confederation of Human Rights Organizations (CHRO) is a human rights organization based in Kerala, India which watches human rights and human rights violations in Kerala and also all over India.
Confederation of Indian Communist and Democratic Socialists (CICDS) was a confederation of pro-Congress left-wing parties in India.
Confederation of Regions Party fielded four candidates in the 1993 federal election, none of whom were elected.
Confederation of Regions Party fielded six candidates in the 1995 Ontario provincial election, none of whom were elected.
Confederation of revolutionary anarcho-syndicalists (CRAS, CRAS-IWA, KRAS, KRAS-MAT) is the Russian section of the International Workers Association (AIT).
Confederation organizes non-political rallies every year since 1997, to continue their demand from the government for reservation, ban on contract system, promotion among other things.
Confederation Park is an urban park in northwest Calgary, Alberta.
Confederation Party was a term for the parties supporting Canadian confederation in the British colonies of New Brunswick, Nova Scotia and Newfoundland in the 1860s when politics became polarized between supporters and opponents of Confederation.
Confederation Secondary School is a school in Val Caron, Ontario, Canada.
Confederation Suburban Center is a community in the city of Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, which consists primarily of commercial development.
Confederation Trail is the name for a 470 kilometer recreational rail trail system in the Canadian province of Prince Edward Island.
Confederation was also out of service from 29 September to 2 October that year due to an electrical problem.
Confederation won the second referendum with 52.3% of the votes, and the EUP disbanded.
Conference 1 is held in Zenica, Bosnia and Herzegovina, with the two top-placing teams advancing to the 2019 Trophy, while Conference 2 is held in Tallinn, Estonia, with the top two advancing to Conference 1 for 2019.
Conference 1 was held in Burgas, Bulgaria, with the two top-placing teams advancing to the 2017 Trophy, while Conference 2 was held in Esztergom, Hungary, with the top two advancing to Conference 1 for 2017.
Conference 1 was held in Burgas, Bulgaria, with the two top-placing teams advancing to the 2018 Trophy, while Conference 2 was held in Tallinn, Estonia, with the top two advancing to Conference 1 for 2018.
Conference activities include professional sessions, tours, and a formal awards banquet at which the Nebula Awards are presented.
Conference affiliations and venues represent those for the upcoming 2018 NCAA volleyball season.
Conference affiliations are as of the 2017 NCAA field hockey season.
Conference affiliations are current for the 2018 season.
Conference affiliations are current for the upcoming 2018 season.
Conference affiliations are current for the upcoming season.
Conference affiliations reflect those for the most recently completed 2017 season.
Conference affiliations reflect those in the 2018 season.
Conference and festival appearances include Cornerstone Festival, Greenbelt Festival, L'Abri Fellowship in England, Biola University, Bali Arts Conference, and Calvary Chapel Pastor's conference.
Conference and national champion Ohio State followed with four first-team selections, including quarterback J. T. Barrett and Joey Bosa.
Conference and resort hotels are hotels which often contain full-sized luxury facilities with full-service accommodations and amenities.
Conference athletics will begin in the 2017-18 school year.
Conference calls can be designed so that the calling party calls the other participants and adds them to the call; however, participants are usually able to call into the conference call themselves by dialing a telephone number that connects to a "conference bridge" (a specialized type of equipment that links telephone lines).
Conference Carolinas currently has 11 small college or university private institutions that make-up their membership.
Conference Carolinas, formerly known as the Carolinas-Virginia Athletic Conference (CVAC) or the Carolinas Conference, is a collegiate athletic conference affiliated with the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) primarily in Division II, and as one of the four Division I conferences for men's volleyball.
Conference Center was a conference center in Wembley Park, Wembley, London, England.
Conference chair is Chuck Kutscher, Ph.D., a principal engineer at the National Renewable Energy Lab.
Conference championships are held in most sports and individuals can be named to All-Conference teams.
Conference championships are held in most sports and some individuals can be named to All-Conference and All-Academic teams.
Conference championships have been won by Huntington, Prink Callison, Jim Aiken, Casanova, Brooks, Bellotti, Kelly, and Mark Helfrich.
Conference champion UCLA was ranked #13 in the final AP Poll and was represented by quarterback Bob Waterfield (AP, UP) and guard Jack Lescoulie (AP, UP).
Conference champion Vanderbilt suffered its only loss to national champion Harvard.
Conference co-champion Air Force placed three players on the first team: quarterback Beau Morgan, offensive lineman Bret Cillessen, and linebacker Brian McCray.
Conference co-champion Colorado State placed five players on the first team: offensive lineman James Cregg, defensive linemen Sean Moran and Brady Smith, and defensive backs Ray Jackson and Greg Myers.
Conference co-champions Ohio State and Michigan led with eight and six first-team selections, respectively.
Conference co-champion USC was ranked No. 12 in the final AP Poll and placed four players on the first team: wide receiver and Pac-10 Offensive Player of the Year Keyshawn Johnson, offensive lineman John Michels, defensive lineman Darrell Russell, and punter John Stonehouse.
Conference co-champion Washington placed three on the first team: tight end Ernie Conwell, linebacker Ink Aleaga, and defensive back Lawyer Milloy.
Conference creators and coordinators are John Settlage of the University of Connecticut and Adam Johnston of Weber State University.
Conference does not elect the party's parliamentary leaders, which since 2013 has done by a ballot of both the Parliamentary Caucus and by the Labor Party's rank-and-file members; and the national president and vice-presidents are elected by a vote of party members.
Conference Indiana (CI) is an athletic conference within the Indiana High School Athletic Association.
Conference Indiana was initially formed from the union of surviving members of the Central Suburban Athletic Conference (CSAC) and the South Central Conference (SCC) after the departure of members to the Metropolitan Interscholastic Conference (MIC).
Conference is a mid-sized school athletic conference in the state of Missouri.
Conference is an annual conference and workshop for key stakeholders and industry experts in extractive industries, which has been held in Abuja, Nigeria, since 2012.
Conference/Meeting Announcements, Frequently Asked Questions, Video, Library Catalogs EEVL also provided additional services such as a search engine for electronic journals, EESE.
Conference members are primarily located in North Carolina (eight) and Virginia (two).
Conference members have won eleven NCAA team titles: Johns Hopkins women's cross country (2012, 2013, 2014), Gettysburg women's lacrosse (2011), Haverford men's cross country (2010), Franklin & Marshall women's lacrosse (2007, 2009), Ursinus field hockey (2006), Washington men's lacrosse (1998), and Washington men's tennis (1994, 1997).
Conference names in boldface indicate the conferences at which the leaders of the United States, the United Kingdom, and the Soviet Union were all present.
Conference of Catholic Bishops of India is the largest canonical national episcopal conference in Asia and fourth largest in the world.
Conference of Catholic Bishops of the Russian Federation is a collective body of the national church and the administration of the Roman Catholic Church in Russia.
Conference offices were located in Winnipeg, Manitoba and North Newton, Kansas.
Conference of Solidarity Support Organizations (CSSO) was an international organization of national groups that supported the trade union Solidarnosc and human rights in Poland during the final years of the Polish People's Republic.
Conference of the Birds is an album by the band Om, with Al Cisneros on bass and vocals and Chris Hakius on drums.
Conference of the Birds is a studio album by the Dave Holland Quartet, recorded in 1972 and released in 1973.
Conference of the Mennonite Brethren Churches in India is the largest Mennonite denomination of India.
Conference of the New Emerging Forces (CONEFO) was an effort by President Sukarno of Indonesia to create a new bloc of "emerging countries" that would be an alternative power center to the United Nations and to the "old established forces" - a category in which Sukarno included both the United States and the Soviet Union.
Conference of the Norwegian-Danish Evangelical Lutheran Church of America usually called the Conference was a Lutheran church body that existed in the United States from 1870 to 1890, when it merged into the United Norwegian Lutheran Church of America.
Conference On Crack and Cocaine is the UK's leading charity supporting drug professionals and organizations with the issues relating to stimulant drugs such as crack, cocaine, amphetamine, methamphetamine and MDMA (ecstasy).
Conference on Latin American History, (CLAH), founded in 1926, is the professional organization of Latin American historians affiliated with the American Historical Association.
Conference organizers and editors offer feedback to initial drafts of these papers, suggest revisions (usually commenting upon ways to make the venture more specific to the individual), and accept final vexation/venture pieces to accompany the conference in the form of a proceedings.
Conference organizers later apologized for the "misogynistic" presentation.
Conference panels and educational sessions address a range of relevant subjects: online advertising strategy, performance-based marketing, emerging advertising platforms, integrated marketing, social media, search, mobile, analytics and brand marketing.
Conference papers can also be submitted for publication if the paper has been completely re-written and the author has cleared any existing copyrights.
Conference participants are from Georgia, other U.S. states, and overseas.
Conference play began on September 24 with Alabama defeating Howard.
Conference play began with Auburn hosting Clemson.
Conference proceedings typically contain the contributions made by researchers at the conference.
Conference records for the six seasons that the Huskies competed in the Eastern Collegiate Athletic Conference are not currently available.
Conference rivals include Plymouth High School and Kiel High School.
Conference rooms can be windowless for security purposes.
Conferences are frequently conducted by a judge or other neutral party, in the form of a mediation.
Conferences are groupings of administrative divisions of the Society of Jesus.
Conferences are held each year to educate local program boards of issues affecting their programs.
Conferences are tournaments within a season, as opposed to the North American usage where a conference is a grouping of teams.
Conference schools have enrollments ranging from 236 to 540, with an average enrollment of 395.Beginning in 2014, West Salem will compete in the Mississippi Valley Conference for football only.
Conference series, beginning in 1995.
Conference Series (JPCS) is a peer-reviewed, open-access publication from IOP Publishing providing readers with the latest developments in physics presented at international conferences.
Conferences focusing on themes of general interest or directed toward teachers, farmers, doctors, therapists, and other professionals are held at the center throughout the year.
Conferences have been held around the United States annually ever since.
Conferences have been held in Canada every 10 years since, and are attended by geoscience delegates from around the world.
Conferences often, but not always, include teams from a common geographic region.
Conferences organized include "Bank of the Future", "Corporate Governance & Compliance", "Retail Banking", "PaymentTech" and "Core Banking".
Conference started October 1, 2016 at the PhilSports Arena in Pasig.
Conference started on April 30, 2017 and concluded on June 13, 2017.
Conference started on July 21, 2018 at the Filoil Flying V Center, San Juan City.
Conferences were held in June 2007, January 2008, June 2008, and June 2010.
Conference teams have won 20 national championships.
Conference three took place in Wulai, Taipei in August 1995, and the fourth occurred in Quezon City, Philippines in 1998.
Conference topics included a World Wide Web Consortium tutorial on semantic web standards.
Conference types include: Convention (meeting), meeting of a, usually large, group of individuals and/or companies in a certain field Academic conference, in science and academic, a formal event where researchers present results, workshops, and other activities.
Conference USA consists of 12 football members separated into 2 divisions: East Carolina, Marshall, Memphis, Southern Miss, UAB, and UCF make up the eastern division, while Houston, Rice, SMU, Tulane, Tulsa, and UTEP comprise the western division.
Conference USA consists of 12 football members separated into 2 divisions: East Carolina, Marshall, Memphis, Southern Miss, UAB, UCF make up the eastern division, while Houston, Rice, SMU, Tulane, Tulsa, and UTEP comprise the western division.
Conference USA consists of 12 football members separated into two divisions: East Carolina, Marshall, Memphis, Southern Miss, UAB, and UCF make up the East Division, while Houston, Rice, SMU, Tulane, Tulsa, and UTEP comprise the West Division.
Conference USA (C-USA or CUSA) is a collegiate athletic conference whose current member institutions are located within the Southern United States.
Conference USA first sponsored football in 1996.
Conference USA Football Championship Game was played on December 1, 2007 between the UCF Knights, the champion of C-USA's East Division, and the West Division champion, the Tulsa Golden Hurricane, at Bright House Networks Stadium (now known as Spectrum Stadium) in Orlando, Florida.
Conference USA Football Championship Game was played on December 1, 2012 between the Tulsa Golden Hurricane, winners of the Conference USA West division and the UCF Knights, the winners of the East division.
Conference USA Men's Basketball Tournament is held annually following the end of the regular season of NCAA Division I Men's Basketball.
Conference USA Men's Soccer All-Conference Team is an annual selection of the best overall players in Conference USA during the NCAA Division I men's soccer season.
Conference USA men's soccer season was the 22nd season of men's varsity soccer in the conference.
Conference USA Men's Soccer Tournament was the thirteenth edition of the Conference USA Men's Soccer Tournament.
Conferenceville is 1984 Australian TV movie based on a 1976 novel by Frank Moorhouse.
Conference were held in Cairo and Addis Ababa concerning the refugee crisis, and the Council stressed the importance of a regional conference to address the issue.
Conference will start on April 27, 2018 with a Grand Fans Day at the Trinoma Activity Center, Quezon City, 9 days before its opening ceremonies and games on May 6, 2018 at the Filoil Flying V Center, San Juan City, Philippines.
Conference-wise, the Rams play in the Atlantic 10 Conference, while the Red Storm play in the Big East Conference.
CONFER is one of the first and one of the most sophisticated computer conferencing systems.
CONFER is the progenitor of the computer conferencing systems Caucus, PicoSpan, and YAPP.
Conferred on members of the Royal Family or Nepali citizens who make outstanding contributions to the nation, and to foreigners making special contributions to the welfare of Nepal.
Conferry (Consolidada de Ferrys C.A.) is a Venezuelan shipping company operating passenger and freight services to the islands of Margarita and Coche.
Confesercenti, an Italian trade organization, conducted a 2013 study which called Abruzzo the best place to dine in Italy.
Confeso had 27 men killed and eight wounded with the rest captured; whilst the Hussar had four killed and ten wounded.
Confessing under further interrogation to plans to kill the Queen, he was himself hanged, drawn and quartered on 2 March 1585.
Confessin' is an album by the American jazz saxophonist John Stubblefield recorded in 1984 and released on the Italian Soul Note label.
Confessional (French: Le Confessionnal) is a 1995 mystery-drama film directed by Robert Lepage.
Confessional is a British Espionage thriller television miniseries starring Robert Lindsay, Keith Carradine, Simon Chandler, Robert Lang, Valentina Yakunina and Arthur Brauss.
Confessional is the debut album by Danish pop singer Bryan Rice.
Confessionalization was supported by monarchs and rulers in general, because after the Reformation had brought control over their territories' churches into their hands, they could exercise more power over their subjects by enforcing strict religious obedience.
Confessional Lutheranism is a name used by Lutherans to designate those who accept the doctrines taught in the Book of Concord of 1580 (the Lutheran confessional documents) in their entirety because (quia) they are completely faithful to the teachings of the Bible.
Confessional Lutherans believe that this is a vital part of their identity as Lutherans.
Confessional Lutherans maintain that faithfulness to the Book of Concord which is a summary of the teachings found in Scripture, requires attention to how that faith is actually being preached, taught, and put into practice.
Confessionally, it adheres to the "Gospel of Jesus Christ as faithfully witnessed by the Augsburg Confession of 1530, and the Book of Concord".
Confessionals are used to provide narration, exposition, and commentary on ongoing action within the show.
Confessionals have been criticized as a "gimmick" of the reality TV genre that has lost its freshness and purpose, and their introduction to more traditional game shows has been derided.
Confessionals in the modern sense may have begun with The People's Court, in which litigants gave interviews to the court reporter after arguing their case, in the style of post-game interviews.
Confessionals were also used on MTV's The Real World, which debuted in 1992.
Confessional Synod (LCS) was a Confessional Lutheran church, characterized by a strict interpretation of the Lutheran Confessions and a historical liturgy.
Confession and avoidance, in pleading, relates to a plea which admits that the facts alleged in a declaration are true, but which shows new facts by which it is hoped to destroy the effect of the allegations admitted.
Confession has certain censures on disclosure as there is an understanding among the clergy that there is an inviolable confidence between the individual priest and the penitent.
Confession, in many religions, is the acknowledgment of one's sins (sinfulness) or wrongs.
Confession is a 10-part web series created by Kiefer Sutherland, written and directed by Brad Mirman, and starring Kiefer Sutherland and John Hurt.
Confession is a 1937 drama film starring Kay Francis, Ian Hunter, Basil Rathbone and Jane Bryan.
Confession is an ABC crime/police documentary which was broadcast from June 19, 1958, to January 13, 1959, with interviewer Jack Wyatt questioning assorted criminals.
Confession is an American old-time radio crime drama anthology series.
Confession No.1 is the first studio album by Indonesian singer Afgan.
Confession of error is a legal practice whereby the United States Solicitor General in his or her role representing the federal government before the Supreme Court of the United States admits a lower court incorrectly decided a case and it is thereby sent back for reconsideration.
Confession of everyday faults is "strongly recommended by the Church", according to the Catechism of the Catholic Church 1458.
Confession of judgment is a legal term that refers to a type of contract (or a clause with such a provision) in which a party agrees to let the other party enter a judgment against him or her.
Confession of Pain is a 2006 Hong Kong crime drama film directed by Andrew Lau and Alan Mak, starring Tony Leung, Takeshi Kaneshiro, Shu Qi and Xu Jinglei.
Confession of the Lioness is a novel written by award-winning Mozambican author Mia Couto.
Confession of the Unity of the Bohemian Brethren of 1535 or Brethren's confession is doctrinal statement of the Unity of the Brethren.
Confession, released in the United States as The Deadliest Sin, is a 1955 British drama film directed by Ken Hughes and starring Sydney Chaplin, Audrey Dalton and John Bentley.
Confessions (2004) established him as one of the best-selling musical artists of the 2000s decade, selling 20 million copies worldwide.
Confessions earned Usher several awards, including the Grammy Award for Best Contemporary R&B Album.
Confessions from a Holiday Camp is a 1977 British comedy film.
Confessions from the David Galaxy Affair (UK re-release title: Star Sex) is a 1979 British sexploitation comedy film directed by Willy Roe and starring Alan Lake, Glynn Edwards, Mary Millington, Bernie Winters, Diana Dors and Antony Booth.
Confessions has been certified Diamond by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) and, as of 2016, has sold over 10.3 million copies in the US and over 20 million copies worldwide.
Confessions is a 1925 British silent comedy film directed by W.P. Kellino and starring Ian Hunter, Joan Lockton and Eric Bransby Williams.
Confessions is a studio album by American singer and actress Liza Minnelli, released through Decca Records on September 21, 2010 in the United States.
Confessions is the fourth studio album by American singer Usher.
Confessions is the sixth studio album by the American hard rock band Buckcherry.
Confessions of a Blues Singer is a blues album by Rory Block.
Confessions of a Cat Sitter, based on the popular long-running Your Cat Magazine series, was released in January 2016.
Confessions of a Co-Ed is a 1931 film starring Phillips Holmes, Sylvia Sidney and Norman Foster, and featuring a rare onscreen appearance by the musical Rhythm Boys (Bing Crosby, Harry Barris and Al Rinker).
Confessions of a Conflicted Medium is a memoir by Mark Edward about his time working as a psychic entertainer.
Confessions of a Crap Artist is a 1975 novel by Philip K. Dick, originally written in 1959.
Confessions of a Dangerous Mind is a 2002 biographical spy comedy film depicting the life of popular game show host and producer Chuck Barris, who claimed to have also been an assassin for the CIA.
Confessions of a Driving Instructor is a 1976 British sex-farce film.
Confessions of a Drug Addict' contains a sample from the film The Doors.
Confessions of a Falling Woman and Other Stories is a 2008 short story collection by Debra Dean.
Confessions of a Foyer Girl is a 1978 short film created by Aardman Animations.
Confessions of a Frustrated Housewife (Italian: La moglie di mio padre) is a 1976 Italian drama film directed by Andrea Bianchi and starring Carroll Baker.
Confessions of a Gambler is a 2007 film that depicts a woman's struggles in life, and how she turns to gambling and later becomes addicted.
Confessions of a Girl Gang is a novel by Joyce Carol Oates about a group of teenage girls in upstate New York in the 1950s who form a gang called Foxfire.
Confessions of a Go-Go Girl is a 2008 Lifetime made-for-television film starring Chelsea Hobbs, directed by Grant Harvey, based on a play by Jill Morley and written an co-executive produced by Lenore Kletter.
Confessions of a Groupie and Take Another Little Piece of My Heart.
Confessions of a Human Smart Bomb is a graphic novel / comic series written and illustrated by Jeff McComsey with co-writing by James Cooper (Vol 1).
Confessions of a Media Manipulator is a book by Ryan Holiday.
Confessions of a Nazi Spy is a 1939 American spy thriller film and the first blatantly anti-Nazi film produced by a major Hollywood studio.
Confessions of a Nazi Spy was banned in Germany, Japan, and many Latin American and European countries.
Confessions of an Economic Hit Man is a partly autobiographical book written by John Perkins published in 2004.
Confessions of an Eco-Warrior is a book written in 1991 by Dave Foreman.
Confessions of an English Opium-Eater (1821) is an autobiographical account written by Thomas De Quincey, about his laudanum addiction and its effect on his life.
Confessions of a Nice Girl is the third studio album by American country music artist Katie Armiger.
Confessions of an Indian Teenager is an Indian teen drama on Channel V India.
Confessions of an Opium Eater is a 1962 American crime film produced and directed by Albert Zugsmith.
Confessions of a Pit Fighter is a 2005 American martial arts action film directed by Art Camacho and starring Hector Echavarria, Armand Assante, Flavor Flav, James Russo and John Savage.
Confessions of a Pop Performer is a 1975 British sex-farce film.
Confessions of a Porn Addict is a 2008 Canadian mockumentary comedy film directed by Duncan Christie starring Spencer Rice and Mark Breslin.
Confessions of a Pretty Lady is a book of poetry and prose by comedian, actress, singer, and writer Sandra Bernhard.
Confessions of a Sexist Pig is a 1998 American independent romantic comedy starring Edward Kerr and Traylor Howard.
Confessions of a Shopaholic is a 2009 American romantic comedy film based on the first two entries in the Shopaholic series of novels by Sophie Kinsella.
Confessions of a Sorority Girl (also known as Confessions of Sorority Girls) is a 1994 American television film that debuted on Showtime on July 29, 1994.
Confessions of a Superhero is a 2007 documentary film directed by Matthew Ogens about costumed superheroes on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.
Confessions of a Taxi Driver (Spanish: Confidencias de un ruletero) is a 1949 Mexican comedy film directed by Alejandro Galindo and starring Adalberto Martinez, Lilia Prado and Julio Villarreal.
Confessions of a Teenage Baboon is a young adult novel by Paul Zindel, published in 1977.
Confessions of a Teenage Drama Queen is a 2004 American teen musical comedy film directed by Sara Sugarman and produced by Robert Shapiro and Mathew Hart for Walt Disney Pictures.
Confessions of a Teenage Drama Queen is the soundtrack album for the 2004 American teen comedy film: Confessions of a Teenage Drama Queen, released on February 17, 2004.
Confessions of a Thug is an English novel written by Philip Meadows Taylor in 1839 based on the Thuggee cult in British India.
Confessions of a Torpe is a Filipino drama series aired by TV5 on March 3, 2014, replacing Madam Chairman.
Confessions of a Vice Baron is a 1943 American film directed by S. Roy Luby, William A. O'Connor, Melville Shyer and Herman E. Webber.
Confessions of a Video Vixen is a memoir written by Karrine Steffans which details the first 25 years of her life.
Confessions of a Wild Child (2013), is a prequel depicting Lucky's teenage years, which were briefly explored in the first Santangelo novel, Chances (1981).
Confessions of a Window Cleaner is a 1974 British sex comedy film, directed by Val Guest.
Confessions of a Womanizer (also known as Confessions of a Sex Addict) is a 2014 American comedy-drama film directed and written by Miguel Ali and starring Gary Busey, C. Thomas Howell, Andrew Lawrence, and Jillian Rose Reed.
Confessions of Boston Blackie is a 1941 American crime film directed by Edward Dmytryk and starring Chester Morris and Harriet Hilliard.
Confessions of Crime is an American reality series that aired on Lifetime in 1991.
Confessions of Felix Krull (German: Bekenntnisse des Hochstaplers Felix Krull) is a 1957 West German comedy drama film directed by Kurt Hoffmann and starring Horst Buchholz, Liselotte Pulver and Ingrid Andree.
Confessions of Felix Krull is an unfinished 1954 novel by the German author Thomas Mann.
Confessions of Fire is the debut studio album by Harlem rapper Cam'ron.
Confessions of judgment are permitted in many states.
Confessions Of Man is the third release from the rock group The Fifth and their first release with their new record label EMG/Universal Records.
Confessions of the Maker is Crystal Eyes' fourth album released in 2005 by Heavy Fidelity.
Confessions of the Mind is the tenth studio album by The Hollies.
Confessions (on Re-release edition) is the third concept album and overall fifth studio album by American rock band, Alesana.
Confessions pages act as a medium for students to express their emotions, beliefs, and troubles anonymously with their community.
Confessions pages are becoming very popular among not only universities but also high schools.
Confessions pages are pages on social networking websites (such as Facebook), or stand alone website pages (such as Simply Confess) which are generally used at schools and universities for students to anonymously post their confessions and secrets to their respective communities.
Confessions pages can also be a de facto message board where students can ask for help regarding issues about schoolwork and affairs.
Confessions, statements acknowledging personal facts that someone would prefer to not be shared under their true identity, are sent to the administrators of the page through online form services such as SurveyMonkey and Google Forms or submission portals created with purpose-built tools.
Confession was an Australian metalcore band from Melbourne, Victoria.
Confess is a 2005 American independent feature film written and directed by Stefan Schaefer.
Confess is the second album by Twin Shadow.
Confessori is currently reforming the band.
Confessori owned the Shaman name resulting in the other members leaving the band.
Confessor is a doom metal band from North Carolina, United States.
Confessor is a title used within Christianity in several ways.
Confessor is the eleventh novel in Terry Goodkind's epic fantasy series The Sword of Truth, and the last in the Chainfire trilogy bringing an end to the current story arc involving the Imperial Order.
ConFest is an alternative bush campout festival held in the south-eastern states of Australia annually during and around Easter.
ConFest now hosts some 7000 participants annually for a 5-day festival over the Australia's Easter long weekend.
ConFest was initiated in 1976, and organized by the then Deputy Prime Minister of Australia, Dr. Jim Cairns, his private secretary Junie Morosi and David Ditchburn.
Confetti Cake is a type of cake that has rainbow colored sprinkles baked into the batter.
Confetti candy, also known as confetti sprinkles is also a confectionery that consists of flat or disk-shaped candy sprinkles These are similar to round nonpareils, but are prepared in disk form.
Confetti candy is a confectionery food product that is prepared with cooked sugar and corn syrup that is formed into sheets, cooled, and then cracked or broken into pieces.
Confetti Institute of Creative Technologies is a specialist further and higher education college in Nottingham, UK.
Confetti is a 1927 British silent drama film directed by Graham Cutts and starring Jack Buchanan, Annette Benson and Sydney Fairbrother.
Confetti is a 2006 British mockumentary romantic comedy film released on 5 May 2006.
Confetti is the third studio album by Australian indie rock band Little Birdy, released on 8 May 2009.
Confetti Mario Pelino is one of the oldest Italian confectioneries founded in 1783 by Bernardino Pelino and located in Sulmona, Abruzzo, a region known for the production of Jordan almonds.
Confetti's songs, almost always sung by Virginia, tended to be about lost dreams, regretful memories and thwarted ambitions, reflected by the nostalgic photos used for their record sleeves.
Confetti were a British band during the early 1990s.
Confey College is a co-educational Community College in Leixlip, County Kildare, Republic of Ireland.
Confey GAA is a Gaelic Athletic Association (GAA) club based in Leixlip, County Kildare, Ireland and won Kildare's Club of the Year award in 2004.
Confiance however had a highly effective crew and an experienced captain in James Lucas Yeo, who was to command the entire expedition.
Confiance, launched in 1797, was a privateer corvette from Bordeaux, famous for being Robert Surcouf's ship during the capture of the British East India Company's East Indiaman Kent.
"Confide in Me" has been noted by critics and publications as one of the most iconic and innovative singles from the 1990s era, and Minogue's singles history, and has been recognized by authors as an important period of Minogue's career and musical "re-inventions".
Confide in Me is a compilation album by Australian recording artist Kylie Minogue, which was released in May 2002.
Confidence are an Australian pop punk band from Sydney, formed in 2012.
Confidence Bay was the first mobile high-definition edit suite in the world.
Confidence-building measures (CBMs) or confidence- and security-building measures are in actions taken to reduce fear of attack by both (or more) parties in a situation of tension with or without physical conflict.
Confidence-building measures (CBMs) were a key element in the Central American peace process.
Confidence: Civil War General George B. McClellan; Gertrude Ederle, the first woman to swim the English Channel; and the Apollo 11 astronauts.
Confidence estimates are also produced.
Confidence Girl is a 1952 American crime film written and directed by Andrew L. Stone.
Confidence Group of Companies Limited (also referred to as Confidence Group) is a Bangladeshi company, involved in manufacturing mid-tech manufacturing engineering products.
Confidence Hills are a mountain range in the Mojave Desert, in southern Inyo County, California.
Confidence is a 2003 crime drama film starring Edward Burns, Dustin Hoffman, Andy Garcia and Rachel Weisz, directed by James Foley, and written by Doug Jung.
Confidence is a German electronic music project consisting of Tobias Schmitt.
Confidence is a novel by Henry James, first published as a serial in Scribner's Monthly in 1879 and then as a book later the same year.
Confidence is an unincorporated community in Putnam County West Virginia located on WV 34.
Confidence is a part of the Huntington-Ashland Metropolitan Statistical Area (MSA).
Confidence is the sixth full-length studio recording from singer/songwriter/drummer/producer Narada Michael Walden.
Confidence is the third LP released by the Reggae artist Gentleman.
Confidence Man is the first solo album by The New Amsterdams and Get Up Kids frontman Matt Pryor.
Confidencen, or Ulriksdal Palace Theater (Swedish: Ulriksdals slottsteater), is a theater in the park of Ulriksdal Palace in Solna, just outside the Swedish capital Stockholm.
Confidence tricks and pyramid schemes in the 20th and 21st century such as Nouveau Riche (real estate investment college) have embraced the term, leading contemporary usage of the term to be synonymous with unscrupulous practices.
Confidence tricks and scams are difficult to classify, because they change often and often contain elements of more than one type.
Confidence tricks tend to exploit the inherent greed and dishonesty of their victims.
Confidence was so high even a press release was being written up in anticipation of an announcement until then Chairman Jim Robinson inexplicably changed his mind.
Confidence weighting (CW) is concerned with measuring two variables: (1) what a respondent believes is a correct answer to a question and (2) what degree of certainty the respondent has toward the correctness of this belief.
Confidence weighting is one of three components of the Risk Inclination Model.
Confidence weighting when applied to a specific answer selection for a particular test or exam question is referred to in the literature from cognitive psychology as item-specific confidence, a term typically used by researchers who investigate metamemory or metacognition, comprehension monitoring, or feeling-of-knowing.
Confidence (WMEC-619) is a United States Coast Guard medium endurance cutter.
Confidentcrowd was an equity crowdfunding portal based in Phoenix, Arizona.
Confidente is a weekly tabloid newspaper in Namibia.
Confident Group has exclusive tie-up with the Gear Foundation for higher education.
Confident Group is deploying projects within the infrastructural sphere, including Gated communities of Townships, Villas, Apartments, Commercial Towers, Malls, Software Towers & Parks, Hotels and Resorts.
Confidential, a joint venture between Foxtel and News Limited, is an Australian weekly entertainment news show.
Confidential features guest appearances from M-1's dead prez partner Stic.man, Q-Tip, Cassandra Wilson, Styles P, Ghostface Killah, and K'naan.
Confidential is a 1935 American crime film directed by Edward L. Cahn and written by Wellyn Totman and Olive Cooper.
Confidential is an album by The Eyeliners, released on 27 May 1997 by Sympathy for the Record Industry.
Confidential is an American mystery crime drama that aired on NBC for 13 episodes during the spring of 1977, following the success of a 1976 made-for-TV movie entitled Kingston.
Confidentiality and privacy are big drivers of encryption.
Confidentiality clubs were described in 2012 as being increasingly common.
Confidentiality involves a set of rules or a promise usually executed through confidentiality agreements that limits access or places restrictions on certain types of information.
Confidentiality is a prerequisite for legal professional privilege to hold.
Confidentiality of subjects is respected and protected.
Confidential Lady is a 1939 British comedy drama film, directed by Arthur B. Woods and starring Ben Lyon and Jane Baxter.
Confidentially Connie is a 1953 film directed by Edward Buzzell.
Confidential memos from the City Attorney to the Council, obtained by the Los Angeles Times, called Lisker's case "extremely dangerous" for the city should it have gone to trial, declaring that the potential results of such a trial could be "financially devastating" to the city.
Confidential Mission is a light gun game published by Sega, first available as an arcade game, then ported to the Dreamcast.
Confidential received it's own version of the Doctor Who theme song, at least three different versions of the song appeared in the series.
Confidential Voter Listings only provide confidentiality on election-related public records.
Confident is one of the singles off of rapper Nine's 1995 album Nine Livez.
Confident of success, he left his fortress at Jebelli and in March 1854 Kassa Hailu engaged him and defeated him.
"Confident" received positive feedback from music critics, who deemed it as a highlight from the album.
Confident that there would be no more fighting within their lands, Texans began looking for ways to extend the fight.
Confide was an American metalcore band from Anaheim, California, formed in 2004.
Confiding therefore in thy goodness, I come before thee, and humbly supplicate thee.
Confiding with a sympathetic retired lawyer (Lewis Stone), the doctor just begins to build back his practice, his self-respect, and a relationship with a local girl (Karen Morley) when his past follow him in the form of the avenging sister of the murder victim.
Confield is the sixth album by British electronic music duo Autechre, released 30 April 2001 by Warp Records.
Configfs is a RAM-based virtual file system provided by the 2.6 Linux kernel.
Confignon is a municipality of the Canton of Geneva, Switzerland.
CONFIG.SYS is the primary configuration file for the DOS and OS/2 operating systems.
CONFIG.SYS was introduced with DOS 2.0.
Configurable Mixed-signal IC (abbreviated as CMIC) is a category of ICs comprising a matrix of analog and digital blocks which are configurable through programmable (OTP) non-volatile memory.
Configurable operating modes and cache policies, with the latter in the form of separate modules, determine the way data caching is actually performed.
Configurable post processing steps (i.e., normal and tangent generation, various optimizations) augment the feature set.
Configurational mechanics is a subdiscipline of continuum mechanics in which particular emphasis is placed on reckoning from the perspective of the material manifold.
Configuration and management support consists of software to enumerate, join, and check the status of available Wi-Fi networks.
Configuration design is a kind of design where a fixed set of predefined components that can be interfaced (connected) in predefined ways is given, and an assembly (i.e. designed artifact) of components selected from this fixed set is sought that satisfies a set of requirements and obeys a set of constraints.
Configuration files and language files are also saved in txt format.
Configuration information is retrieved at boot time by automatically searching on an attached floppy disk drive, USB flash memory drive, or another server on the local network willing to provide the configuration.
Configuration is achieved via plain text file and extending i3 is possible using its Unix domain socket and JSON based IPC interface from many programming languages.
Configuration is by editing an XML file; no graphical configuration is necessary nor supplied.
Configuration is distinct from chemical conformation, a shape attainable by bond rotations.
Configuration Lifecycle Management (CLM) is the management of all product configuration definitions and configurations across all involved business processes applied throughout the lifecycle of a product.
Configuration Management (CM) is an Information Technology Infrastructure Library (ITIL) version 2 and an IT Service Management (ITSM) process that tracks all of the individual Configuration Items (CI) in an IT system which may be as simple as a single server, or as complex as the entire IT department.
Configuration management is for most of time dealing with the system that is large, complexed, has a long life duration (more than 10 years) and involve more people.
Configuration Management Version Control (CMVC) is a software package that serves as an object repository, and performs software version control, configuration management, and change management functions.
Configuration Manager provides remote control, patch management, software distribution, operating system deployment, network access protection and hardware and software inventory.
Configuration Menu Language (CML) was used, in Linux kernel versions prior to 2.5.45, to configure the values that determine the composition and exact functionality of the kernel.
Configuration options in different windows created a flexible but sometimes confusing user interface.
Configuration options require editing and recompiling a source file and few options are available.
Configurations and connections are added to the graph until the roadmap is dense enough.
Configurations can also be saved.
Configurations differences include: motor (number and output), wheels (number and size), and frame designsThis robot type always moves forwards.
Configuration Should refer to the bitstream currently loaded on an FPGA.
Configurations include tubular cross flow and dead-end membranes as well as flat sheet membranes.
Configurations is an academic journal established in 1993 and the official publication of the Society for Literature, Science, and the Arts.
Configuration was a classic high-wing, "tail-dragger" aircraft with fixed landing gear.
Configuration was similar to the MD-80, but advanced technologies such as canard noseplanes, laminar and turbulent boundary layer control, side-stick flight control (via fiber optics), and aluminum-lithium alloy construction were under consideration.
Configured as an airliner, it would have seated 20 passengers.
Configure Price Quote (CPQ) software is a term used in the business-to-business (B2B) industry to describe software systems that help sellers quote complex and configurable products.
Configuresoft, Inc. was an American software company, best known for their Enterprise Configuration Manager software.
Configuring mail forwarding.
Confindustria was a founding member of several organizations, including ISTUD (Istituto Studi Direzionali) and Assingegneria (an organization set up by Confindustria, which has since merged with OICE, L'ingegneria italiana organizzata - which in itself belongs to Confindustria).
Confined placental mosaicism (CPM) represents a discrepancy between the chromosomal makeup of the cells in the placenta and the cells in the fetus.
Confined space accidents are of particular concern in occupational safety and health due to the hazards that they pose to the victim and subsequently to a rescue team.
Confined space rescues can be technically challenging due to the environment in which they occur.
Confined spaces are often narrow and constricting preventing easy access by rescuers.
Confined space training outlines the skills and protocols for safe entry to confined spaces, and includes precautions such as locking and tagging out connecting piping, testing of breathable air quality, forced ventilation, observation of workers in the space, and a predetermined rescue plan with appropriate safety harnesses and other rescue equipment standing by.
Confine is a village (curazia) located in San Marino.
Confinement regularly prevents crystallization, which enables liquids to be supercooled below their homegenous nucleation temperature even if this is impossible in the bulk state.
Confining the number to published variants, D. B. Pritchard, author of The Encyclopedia of Chess Variants, estimates that there are well over 2,000.In the context of chess problems, chess variants are called fairy chess, fantasy chess, or heterodox chess.
Confining the prisoner on the rack enabled further tortures to be simultaneously applied, typically including burning the flanks with hot torches or candles or using pincers made with specially roughened grips to tear out the nails of the fingers and toes.
Confinity Inc. was an American software company based in Silicon Valley, best known as the creator of PayPal.
Confinity launched its milestone product, PayPal, in late 1999.
Confinity merged with X.com, founded by Elon Musk, in March 2000.
Confinity's second office, 165 University Avenue in Palo Alto, California, is also known for being the former office of Google and Logitech.
Confirmation about espionage work came from the Venona project, which intercepted and decrypted Soviet intelligence reports sent during and after World War II.
Confirmation bias, also called confirmatory bias or myside bias, is the tendency to search for, interpret, favor, and recall information in a way that confirms one's preexisting beliefs or hypotheses.
Confirmation bias can lead to the experimenter interpreting results incorrectly because of the tendency to look for information that conforms to their hypothesis, and overlook information that argues against it.
Confirmation biases contribute to overconfidence in personal beliefs and can maintain or strengthen beliefs in the face of contrary evidence.
Confirmation bias is a variation of the more general tendency of apophenia.
Confirmation by the Senate allows the President to formally appoint the candidate to the court.
Confirmation dialog (sometimes called warning alert boxes) is a dialog box that asks user to approve requested operation.
Confirmation hearings started April 11, 2013.
Confirmation in the Lutheran Church is a public profession of faith prepared for by long and careful instruction.
Confirmation is a 2016 American television political thriller film, directed by Rick Famuyiwa and written by Susannah Grant.
Confirmation is a live album by pianists Kenny Barron and Barry Harris recorded as part of the 7th Annual Riverside Park Arts Festival in 1991 and released on the Candid label.
Confirmation is an album by pianist Tommy Flanagan compiling unreleased tracks recorded in 1977 and 1978 at sessions that produced Eclypso and Ballads & Blues which was released on the Enja label in 1982.
Confirmation is by laboratory testing to detect the virus's RNA, antibodies for the virus, or the virus itself in cell culture.
Confirmation is by ultrasound.
Confirmation is one of the seven sacraments of the Catholic Church.
Confirmation may be by a throat swab or rapid strep test.
Confirmation occurs either immediately following baptism, or on the following Sunday.
Confirmation of results demonstrated that new DNA was working and expressed genes in the animal.
Confirmation of spectroscopic binary status and a preliminary orbit was published in 1998 by R. Paul Butler, a much more accurate orbit was published in 2015 by Roger Griffin.
Confirmation of the success of the plan was sent to Churchill: "Mincemeat swallowed rod, line and sinker."
Confirmation of this has not yet been made by anyone involved with the station.
Confirmation of this theory awaits the discovery of a causative gene.
Confirmations may require a sample of cerebral spinal fluid or brain tissue although CT scans and MRI scans are used to detect encephalitis.
Confirmatory tests are the tests required to confirm the analysis.
Confirmatory tests cost more than simpler presumptive tests so presumptive tests are often done to see if confirmatory tests are necessary.
Confirmed acceptance credit means that the bank upon which the credit has been issued, essentially guarantees payment as long as the terms of the letter of credit have been complied with.
Confirmed by Jennifer Pertsch, the series is created by Fresh TV Inc. and distributed by Cake Entertainment.
Confirmed by the Senate on December 16, 2015, Tidd received his fourth star and succeeded John F. Kelly as commander of United States Southern Command on January 14, 2016.
Confirmed by the Senate on May 16, 1983, Tidwell received his commission the following day.
Confirmed by Walt Disney World, the record for the fairways course is 50 (22 under par) and was shot by Bubba Watson.
Confirmed elements of its diet include nuts, seeds and insects, for which it has been filmed foraging on the forest floor.
Confirmed features include Dr. Dre, Eminem, Snoop Dogg, Kendrick Lamar, 50 Cent, Mobb Deep, Nikki Grier and Sly.
Confirmed figures for the United Kingdom, in particular, are only meaningful up to 2 July, when routine testing stopped and presumed cases were treated without laboratory confirmation of diagnosis.
Confirmed future competitions, such as the 4 Associations' Tournament, are also included.
Confirmed guests for the album include Scarface, Krayzie Bone, Young Buck, Bun B, Tech N9ne, Lloyd, among others.
Confirmed guests include Tech N9ne, E-40, Kutt Calhoun and Big Scoob.
Confirmed in 1985, he is the first United States federal judge of Armenian ancestry.
Confirmed in 2003, he is noteworthy for being the first Armenian immigrant federal judge in the United States.
Confirmed in December 2015, the event took place between 3 and 10 December in Montevideo, Uruguay.
Confirmed in early 2014, the building will become the home of the new Merlin Entertainments attraction and was opening in July 2015.
Confirmed in July 2018, a third duo will be released for January 2019.
Confirmed object orbiting within a circumstellar habitable zone of Earth mass or greater (because smaller objects may not have the gravitational means to retain water) but not a star Has been studied for more than a year Confirmed surface with strong evidence for it being either solid or liquid Water vapor detected in its atmosphere Gravitational, radio or differentation models that predict a wet stratumMost known extrasolar planetary systems appear to have very different compositions from the Solar System, though there is sampling bias arising from the detection methods.
Confirmed partners include Nike, HTC, LG, Withings, Motorola, Runtastic, MoovStudio and RunKeeper.
Confirmed producers include Khrysis and Marco Polo.
Confirmed pump thrombus is done by visual inspection (during device exchange, transplantation, autopsy), irrefutable radiographic evidence, or absence of Doppler inflow or outflow signals.
Confirmed researcher in 1981 he was afterwards regular assistant of the Professor Onida within the Chair of Ecclesiastic Law at the University of Florence where he carried out intensive didactic activities.
Confirmed sightings of breeding pairs have confirmed their survival in Victoria's cooler climate.
Confirmed that someone at News Corporation's News America Marketing subsidiary repeatedly hacked into FLOORgraphics computer in 2003 and 2004.
Confirmed were Calvin Harris, Rizzle Kicks, Jack Beats, Duke Dumont, Example, Pitbull, Nero.
Confirming his Scottish nationality by playing for the Scottish national 'A' side, he played 9 times at Scotland A level.
Confirming that the USDA has the authority to enforce its own standards by shutting down plants that continually breach basic health standards.
Confirm or Deny is a 1941 film made by 20th Century Fox, directed by Archie Mayo and Fritz Lang (uncredited), and starring by Don Ameche and Joan Bennett.
CONFIRM was an ambitious IT project supposed to create a single computer reservations system/global distribution system used by airline, rental car, and hotel companies.
Confiscated copies of the book were turned into pulp at the Wenji sugar plant.
Confiserie Roodthooft is a family company producing Belgian sweets and toffees.
Conflagrations can cause casualties including deaths or injuries from burns, trauma due to collapse of structures and attempts to escape, and smoke inhalation.
Conflans-Fin d'Oise is a railway station serving Conflans-Sainte-Honorine.
Conflans-Sainte-Honorine is a railway station serving Conflans-Sainte-Honorine, a northwestern suburb of Paris, France.
Conflating her as "Rosie the Riveter", Doyle was honored by many organizations including the Michigan Women's Historical Center and Hall of Fame.
Conflation happens when the identities of two or more individuals, concepts, or places, sharing some characteristics of one another, seem to be a single identity, and the differences appear to become lost.
Conflation of Readings, intentional changes in the text made by the scribe, who used two or more manuscripts with two or more textual variants and created another textual form.
Conflat is a United Kingdom railway term for a short wheelbase container wagon.
Conflicitng legends place its origin in Germany, England or even ancient Rome.
Conflict 2500 is a 1980 video game published by Avalon Hill.
Conflict analysis or conflict assessment is an initial stage of conflict resolution in which parties seek to gain a deeper understanding of the dynamics in their relationship.
Conflict and Catastrophe Medicine is a small medical specialty that operates within disaster areas whether they are natural or human caused disasters.
Conflict and Competition in the Age of Diocletian, was published in 1995 by Oxford University Press.
Conflict and Mediation Event Observations (CAMEO) is a framework for coding event data (typically used for events that merit news coverage, and generally applied to the study of political news and violence).
Conflict and outright warfare with Western European newcomers and other American tribes further reduced populations and disrupted traditional societies.
Conflict archeology addresses any type of issue regardless of size or effect, more importantly the residual effects felt from the conflict itself upon the surrounding populations.
Conflict archeology is a sub-discipline within archeology focused on intergroup and intragroup conflict.
Conflict archeology is most strongly followed by some historical archeologists in the United States and archeologists of all time periods in Europe.
Conflict arises over land-use, as the abundance of resources force a precarious balance between forestry and recreation.
Conflict arises when he is offered a job making widgets at a substantial salary if he agrees to give up his "foolish" interest in the classics.
Conflict Armament Research (CAR) is a UK-based investigative organization that tracks the supply of conventional weapons, ammunition, and related military materiel (such as IEDs) into conflict-affected areas.
Conflict arose between the National Army and the anti-Treaty components of the IRA, which did not support the government of the Irish Free State.
Conflict avoidance is a method of reacting to conflict, which attempts to avoid directly confronting the issue at hand.
Conflict between East and West Francia over Lotharingia was based on the fact that these were the old Frankish homelands of Austrasia, so possession of them was of great prestige.
Conflict between Germany and France has repeatedly focussed upon the iron and steel bulk resources of their border region.
Conflict between nomadic tribes in Sudan is common, with fights breaking out over scarce resources, including grazing land, cattle and drinking water.
Conflict between the Populares under Gaius Marius and the Optimates under Lucius Cornelius Sulla was escalating in the 80s BC.
Conflict between the tribes and the new settlers soon broke out.
Conflict between the two unions erupted into physical violence in 1931 on the steamer Kowarra moored at Lee Wharf in Newcastle.
Conflict between white Moor, black Moor, and non-Moor ethnic groups, centering on language, land tenure, and other issues, continues to pose challenges to the idea of national unity.
Conflict can arise between members of the same group, known as intragroup conflict, or it can occur between members of two or more groups, and involve violence, interpersonal discord conflict.
Conflict can be defined as an interference between individuals or groups of people who have differing aims, values, expectations, purposes, etc.
Conflict & Catalysis: Productions & Arrangements 1966-2006 is an compilation album by Welsh musician John Cale released by Big Beat Records in February 2012.
Conflict Catcher 9 was priced at $63, significantly higher than average prices for utility software.
Conflict Catcher, a third party utility, automatically detected conflicts and problematic extensions, otherwise a time-consuming task that required users to turn off extensions in sets until they found the conflict.
Conflict Catcher included a printed manual written by David Pogue.
Conflict Catcher is a discontinued utility software application that was written by Jeff Robbin and published by Casady & Greene for classic Mac OS.
Conflict continued sporadically until 1968, when it was finally decided to make the Receiver and the Receiver's Department subordinate to the Commissioner.
Conflict continued throughout the 8th century with Wessex pushing further West.
Conflict continuum is a model or concept used by various social science researchers in modeling conflict, usually going from low "irritations" to high "explosiveness" intensity.
Conflict criminology derives its name from the fact that theorists within the area believe that there is no consensual social contract between state and citizen.
Conflict diamonds were also used to purchase many of their weapons, which ranged from FN FAL/L1A1 rifles, AK-47/AKM rifles and RPG-7 grenade launchers to 81 mm mortars and ZPU-2 anti-aircraft guns.
CONFLICT documents time spent with the Hmong, the Karen, the Montagnards of Vietnam and the Muslim rebels in the south of Thailand.
Conflict ensues.
Conflict erupted between the show's producers and the airing network over the episode's content, which prevented the episode from being aired for well over a decade, far past Married... with Children's initial television run.
Conflict generally took the form of guerrilla warfare, and, over the course of three years, the army engaged in pursuing unfriendly natives, protecting American settlers crossing the Colorado River and preventing conflict between the native tribes.
Conflict has arisen between those who would protect the few remaining populations and those who would rather use its critical habitat for economic activities.
Conflict increased with the French and their Native American allies.
Conflicting accounts of the action were given by John Shaw and by Black Hawk.
Conflicting, and as yet unresolved theories center on whether the Irish populations are a relict, surviving from before the last ice age or whether they have been transported there in the last 10,000 years.
Conflicting details on its geographic location have been given over the years.
Conflicting Emotions is the penultimate album by New Zealand band Split Enz.
Conflicting interactions may create stability problems and result performance degradation.
Conflicting loyalties within the Teller family and the club eventually convince Unser to rejoin law enforcement as an ad hoc investigator for Lt.
Conflicting observations of host plants utilized, distinctive morphologies, and a wide range of occupied habitats have prompted investigation into several potential subspecies.
Conflicting reports mark the next few years of the ship's operation, until she was sold in 1978 to a new owner, who used her to rescue Vietnamese refugees in the South China Sea and Gulf of Thailand under the auspices of Food for the Hungry International.
Conflicting reports show enmity between the three tribes of the Adelaide region, the Kaurna, Ngarrindjeri and Peramangk, yet other reports tell that the Peramangk were held with some reverence due to their differing cultural practices.
Conflicting Resonance is an Alternative Rock , Blues , Funk band from Ranchi , India .
Conflict in groups often follows a specific course.
Conflicting testimony delivered at two of the perpetrators' separate trials leads to ongoing speculation as to which of the trio actually shot and killed Heather.
Conflicting views and theories have spurred several types of experiments intended to explain transsaccadic memory and the neural mechanisms involved.
Conflict in leadership arose in the early 1960s.
Conflict is a 1936 American drama sport film directed by David Howard and starring John Wayne.
Conflict is a 1945 black-and-white suspense film noir made by Warner Brothers.
Conflict is a hex-based NES war game where the player is a commander who must lead his forces to victory.
Conflict is an album by saxophonist Jimmy Woods' Sextet featuring Elvin Jones, which was recorded in 1963 and released on the Contemporary label.
Conflict is an Australian novel by E. V. Timms.
Conflict is an English anarcho-punk band originally based in Eltham in South London.
Conflict is created within the story when Kyra's family, the Kirks, move into Christy's neighborhood and racism threatens to tear their relationship and neighborhood apart.
"Conflict" is defined as a separate 100+ casualty incident.
Conflict is minimized by using rural roads very late at night (many events don't start until midnight).
Conflict is often aggravated among nomadic groups over the issue of cattle and grazing land and is part of the wider Sudanese nomadic conflicts.
Conflict issues include choppy seas, poor underwater visibility, inconsistent fuel delivery, personnel issues, mining location rights, sufficient paydirt discovery, diver safety, and ocean-damaging equipment failures.
Conflict is the branch of public law regulating all lawsuits involving a "foreign" law element if a difference in result will occur, depending on which laws are applied.
Conflict is the third studio album by American R&B/soul singer, Sy Smith.
Conflict: Journeys through war and terror in Southeast Asia was met with largely positive reviews.
Conflict later set up its own Mortarhate Records label, which put out releases by other artists including Hagar the Womb, Icons of Filth, Lost Cherrees, The Apostles, Exitstance, Stalag 17, Admit You're Shit and Potential Threat.
Conflict Management and Peace Science is a peer-reviewed academic journal appearing five times a year that publishes scholarly articles and book reviews in the field of international relations (specifically peace and conflict studies) on topics such as international conflict, arms races, international trade, foreign policy, international mediation, and conflict resolution.
Conflict management is the process of limiting the negative aspects of conflict while increasing the positive aspects of conflict.
Conflict may take place before, during or after matches.
Conflict nevertheless overcame the group quickly, and its money and power declined gradually until dissolution in January 1967.
Conflict of interest in the health care industry occurs when the primary goal of protecting and increasing the health of patients comes into conflict with any other secondary goal, especially personal gain to healthcare professionals, and increasing revenue to a healthcare organization from selling health care products and services.
Conflict of Interest is a 1993 independent action film directed by Gary Davis.
Conflict of interest rules in the public sphere mainly focus on financial relationships since they are relatively more objective, fungible, and quantifiable, and usually involve the political, legal, and medical fields.
Conflict of laws concerns relations across different legal jurisdictions between natural persons, companies, corporations and other legal entities, their legal obligations and the appropriate forum and procedure for resolving disputes between them.
Conflict of laws especially affects private international law, but may also affect domestic legal disputes e.g. determination of which state law applies in the United States, or where a contract makes incompatible reference to more than one legal framework.
Conflict of laws in the United States is the field of procedural law dealing with choice of law rules when a legal action implicates the substantive laws of more than one jurisdiction and a court must determine which law is most appropriate to resolve the action.
Conflict of laws is the branch of law regulating all lawsuits involving a "foreign" law element where a difference in result will occur depending on which laws are applied.
Conflict of laws regulates all lawsuits involving foreign law if the outcome of a legal action would differ by the laws applied.
Conflict of marriage laws is the conflict of laws with respect to marriage in different jurisdictions.
Conflict of Wings is a 1954 British drama film directed by John Eldridge and starring John Gregson, Muriel Pavlow and Kieron Moore.
Conflicto is a Mexican telenovela produced by Televisa and transmitted by Telesistema Mexicano.
Conflict over ecological and resource management has been controversial, and the area is a flagship site among conservation groups that promote ecosystem management.
Conflict over resources on North America ensued in various wars between these powers, but, gradually, the new European colonies developed desires for independence.
Conflict over Russia's foreign policy goals tested the Dual Power arrangement between the Petrograd Soviet and the Russian Provisional Government.
Conflict over the payment of bridewealth soon caused trouble in the marriage, as did the fact that there was a dearth of Ndebele women who would marry Mzila in exchange.
Conflict over the scope and use of the mall began immediately and continued for 30 years until the last remaining parts of the mall were opened to automobile traffic.
Conflict prevention can be used as a temporary measure to buy time or as permanent means of disposing of a matter.
"Conflict Resolution" features the return of a poster created for the earlier episode "Christmas Party".
Conflict resolution is conceptualized as the methods and processes involved in facilitating the peaceful ending of conflict and retribution.
Conflict resolution strategies are used in production systems in artificial intelligence, such as in rule-based expert systems, to help in choosing which production rule to fire.
Conflict resolution teachers and trainers, mediators, organizational consultants, and human resource managers use conflict style inventories in their work to help people reflect on and improve their responses to conflict.
Conflict Resolver is executed in the event that a sync service cannot decide on which version of the data to use, creating a conflict.
Conflicts among the government, businesses, ranchers, homesteaders, and the railroad are also depicted, as all of those interests compete with one another for control of Cheyenne, Wyoming, the most important railroad hub in 1867.
Conflicts and skill challenges are settled in the first and current editions with a "rock-paper-scissors" system often referred to as "throwing chops" or "hand jamming".
Conflicts are detected and handled according to a "conflict resolution policy" (although the best policy is likely to be to avoid conflicts).
Conflicts are left to the application to resolve.
Conflicts are not always linear in nature.
Conflicts are ordered by geographic regions of North America ranging from north to south.
Conflicts are separate incidents with at least 100 casualties, and are listed by total deaths, including sub-conflicts.
Conflicts arise between the man and his former gang, as well as between the team stringing the wires and the Native Americans through whose land the new lines must run.
Conflicts arose as the outsiders didn't respect the Shasta or their homeland.
Conflicts arose concerning what was considered acceptable and respectable and what ought to be proscribed or made illegal.
Conflicts between ethnic groups and movement among villages sometimes exacerbated religious tensions.
Conflicts between the governor and the legislature during redistricting often have only been resolved by the courts.
Conflicts between the maritime communities of the Trucial Coast and the British led to the sacking of Ras Al Khaimah by British forces in 1809 and again in 1819, which resulted in the first of a number of British treaties with the Trucial Rulers in 1820.
Conflicts can arise at different levels, from intrapersonal to interpersonal issues as well as between two individuals or between two countries as a whole.
Conflicts & Confusion is the second album by Crime Boss.
Conflicts during Sabrisho's tenure included that of Henana of Adiabene.
Conflicts have been fueled by other major wars taking place in the same regions, in particular the Second Sudanese Civil War, the War in Darfur and the Sudanese conflict in South Kordofan and Blue Nile.
Conflicts he took part in include the Third Battle of Winchester, the Battle of Cedar Creek and the Battle of Five Forks.
Conflicts include the War of the Third Coalition and the Opium Wars.
Conflicts in Sudan, Uganda, Angola, Rwanda, and Burundi have at various times created bilateral and regional tensions.
Conflicts in the twentieth century in particular have been characterized by wars of ethnicity, nationality and identity, where civilians and civilian environments (i.e., domestic buildings, urban centers) have become involved in warfare, and are often inseparable from it.
Conflicts of interest can involve research sponsors, authors, journals, journal staff and peer reviewers.
Conflicts of interest (COIs) often arise in academic publishing.
Conflicts often arouse between the two groups with the ending always with a message to become a good children.
Conflicts over the legal impact of a translation can be avoided by indicating that the text is "authentic" i.e. legally operative on its own terms or instead is merely a "convenience translation", which itself is not legally operative.
Conflicts over the ownership and use of the groundwater around Devils Hole caused litigation in the 1980s.
Conflicts regarding Google+ began in July 2011 when the social networking site began enforcing its real name only policy by suspending the accounts of users it felt were not following the policy.
Conflicts started immediately after the foundation of Taras in 706 BC over domination of the fertile adjacent plains in southern Italy.
Conflicts that grow out of a series of escalating skirmishes between nation-states generally are not considered international incidents; however, terrorist actions can and often do become international incidents.
Conflicts were resolved by treaty, often through sale or exchange of territory between the federal government and specific tribes.
Conflicts with Arellano's programs on rival GMA Network forced him to give up the show to focus on other programs he had with GMA.
Conflicts with bullying parents regarding toilet training can produce a fixation in this stage, which can manifest itself in adulthood by a continuation of erotic pleasure in defecation.
Conflicts with the center took place with the Cornish Rebellion of 1497 and Prayer Book Rebellion of 1549.
Conflict theories are perspectives in sociology and social psychology that emphasize a materialist interpretation of history, dialectical method of analysis, a critical stance toward existing social arrangements, and political program of revolution or, at least, reform.
Conflict theories draw attention to power differentials, such as class conflict, and generally contrast historically dominant ideologies.
Conflict theorists view conflict as an engine of change, since conflict produces contradictions which are sometimes resolved, creating new conflicts and contradictions in an ongoing dialectic.
Conflict transformation, in contrast, places a greater weight on addressing the underlying conditions which give rise to that conflict, preferably well in advance of any hostility, but also to ensure a sustainable peace.
Conflict transformation is a concept designed to reframe the way in which peacebuilding initiatives are discussed and pursued, particularly in contexts of ethnic conflict.
Conflict trap is a term to describe the pattern when civil wars repeat themselves.
Conflict was brewing in the region as the Conquest of California was then in full force.
Conflict was laid down on 13 August 1951 at Fulton Shipyard, Antioch, California.
Conflict with another papal candidate, Theodore, seemed inevitable, but then a compromise candidate, Sergius I, was made pope.
Conflict with Church leaders in Knock caused her to seek support in England, and in 1884, with the support of Cardinal Manning and Bishop Bagshawe, she received approval for her new order from Pope Leo XIII, and the Congregation of the Sisters of St. Joseph of Peace was founded.
Conflict with his colleagues, anger management and a desire for career advancement formed a focal point of his early story-lines.
Conflict with humans is low compared to some other species found in the region.
Conflict with resident Aboriginals and disputes between the pastoralists in these frontier areas forced the NSW government to legislate for a new policing body that would control these issues.
Conflict with the church led to her leaving it shortly after she took her vows in 1988, and she has since become a nun of the American Catholic Church, a small independent church using Catholic rites.
Conflict with the latter brought him into conflict with the Papacy as well.
Conflict with the neighboring Pokot people creates risk in both farming and herding.
Conflict with the U.S. military establishment was a frequent occurrence.
Conflict Zone is a war-themed real-time strategy game, developed by MASA Group and published by Ubi Soft for Dreamcast, PlayStation 2, and Microsoft Windows.
Confluence Friends is a program to organize volunteers at each site for maintenance and public events.
Confluence is a borough in Somerset County, Pennsylvania, United States.
Confluence is a collaboration software program developed and published by Australian software company Atlassian.
Confluence is a land art sculpture by artists Robert Stackhouse and Carol Mickett.
Confluence is an unincorporated community located in Leslie County, Kentucky, United States.
Confluence Outdoor (formerly known as Confluence Watersports) is an American manufacturer of kayaks, canoes, and related accessories.
Confluence Park is an urban park encompassing the confluence of Cherry Creek and the South Platte River in Denver's Lower Downtown (LoDo), a bustling district of 19th-century brick warehouses and storefronts that has been redeveloped since the late 1980s.
Confluence Park, where the city started at the confluence of the South Platte and Cherry Creek.
Confluence Queens F.C. sometimes referred to as Wada Queens and Kogi Confluence Queens is a Nigerian women's association football club based in Lokoja, Kogi State.
Confluence sites are meant to be places reclaimed and reimagined.
Confluence Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Lokoja, Kogi State with a 25,000 seating capacity.
Confluence was installed as part of the Art Center's ARTSPARK initiative.
Confluence World School is a co-educational private school in Rudrapur, Uttarakhand, India.
Confluentibacter citreus is a Gram-negative, aerobic and rod-shaped bacterium from the genus of Confluentibacter which has been isolated from the Sayram Lake in China.
Confluentibacter is a genus from the family of Flavobacteriaceae.
Confluentibacter lentus is a Gram-negative, aerobic and rod-shaped bacterium from the genus of Confluentibacter which has been isolated from water from Hwajinpo from the East Sea.
Confluenze - Rivista di studi iberomericani is a peer-reviewed open access academic journal established in 2009.
Confocal microscopy analysis of transfected CHO (Chinese-hamster ovary) cells indicated that cCARKD remains in the cytosol, whereas mCARKD and spCARKD are targeted to the mitochondria and the endoplasmic reticulum respectively.
Conford is a hamlet in the civil parish of Passfield in the East Hampshire district of Hampshire, England.
Conformal coating gives most of the benefits of potting, and is lighter and easier to inspect, test, and repair.
Conformal fuel tanks (CFTs) are additional fuel tanks fitted closely to the profile of an aircraft that extend either the range or "time on station" of the aircraft.
Conformal fuel tanks have the disadvantage that, unlike drop tanks, they cannot be discarded in flight, because they are plumbed into the aircraft and so can only be removed on the ground.
Conformance is asserted by the manufacturer based on its conformity assessment.
Conformance test cases of ETSI standards like ISDN, DECT, GSM, EDGE, 3G, DSRC have also been written in TTCN.
Conformance testing for those standards is within the purview of Acid3, an automated test published by Ian Hickson in 2008.
Conformational changes in the extracellular loops modulate the surface of OpcA, which could affect the proteoglycan binding site.
Conformational proofreading does not require the consumption of energy and may therefore be used in any molecular recognition system.
Conformational proofreading is especially useful in scenarios where the recognizer has to select the appropriate target among many similar competitors.
Conformational proofreading or conformational selection is a general mechanism of molecular recognition systems in which introducing a structural mismatch between a molecular recognizer and its target, or an energetic barrier, enhances the recognition specificity and quality.
Conformation defects resulted in Bull Page being sold at the 1948 Keeneland July sale for $38,000, a relatively low price for a Bull Lea colt whose son Citation had just won the U.S. Triple Crown.
Conformation in dogs refers solely to the externally visible details of a dog's structure and appearance, as defined in detail by each dog breed's written breed standard.
Conformation is similar to Chanthangi.
Conformation standards are the same for the two groups of horses, with the main difference being the color requirements.
Conformed to the tropical setting of Indonesia, the style became known in the Dutch East Indies as Indies Empire style.
Conformicide is the fourth studio album by American thrash metal band Havok, released on March 10, 2017.
Conforming to Abnormality is Cephalic Carnage's first full-length album.
Conformist (Il conformista) is a novel by Alberto Moravia published in 1951, which details the life and desire for normalcy of a government official during Italy's fascist period.
Conformity assessment can include inspection and examination of a product, its design, and the manufacturing environment and processes associated with it.
Conformity assessment - General requirements for bodies operating certification of persons is an International Standard which specifies criteria for the operation of a Personnel Certification Body (also known as a certification body for persons).
Conformity was enforced under penalty of deprivation, thus giving rise to violent dissensions which embittered Parker's closing years, and occasioned the first open separation of Nonconformists from the Church of England.
Conform the suggested shape to the point distribution model, commonly called a "shape model" in this context.
Conforti later became a writer for the soap opera Guiding Light.
Confort is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France.
Confortola was a member of the Italian military patrol team at the 1928 Winter Olympics in St. Moritz (demonstration).
Confounding Factor was a British video games company founded in 1997 by Toby Gard and Paul Douglas, both of Core Design, and based in Bristol, UK.
Confounding the usual stereotype of black informal settlements, the residents of Sonskyn Hoekie are mostly white.
Confraternities in Nigeria are secret-society like student groups within higher education.
Confraternities of Penitents are Roman Catholic religious congregations, with statutes prescribing various penitential works.
Confraternities of priests - in distinction from the many confraternities open to lay persons - reached an important place of influence in the Roman Catholic Church by the end of the nineteenth century.
Confraternities of the Cord are pious associations of the faithful, the members of which wear a cord or cincture in honor of a saint, to keep in mind some special grace or favor which they hope to obtain through his intercession.
Confraternity of Belchite was an "experimental" community of knights founded in 1122 by Alfonso the Battler, king of Aragon and Navarre, and lasting until shortly after 1136.
Confresa is a municipality in the state of Mato Grosso in the Central-West Region of Brazil.
Confront and Conceal: Obama's Secret Wars and Surprising Use of American Power (Crown, June 2012); The Inheritance: The World Obama Confronts and the Challenges to American Power (Harmony, 2009), which was a best-seller; and The Perfect Weapon: War, Sabotage, and Fear in the Cyber Age (Crown, 2018).
Confrontation analysis (also known as dilemma analysis) is an operational analysis technique used to structure, understand and think through multi-party interactions such as negotiations.
Confrontation at Concordia is a documentary film by Martin Himel which documents the September 2002 protest at Concordia University in Montreal, Canada.
Confrontation Camp is an American rap rock group consisting of Kyle Jason and Public Enemy members Chuck D (under the name Mistachuck), Professor Griff and DJ Lord.
Confrontation is also the last Soilent Green album to be released under the Relapse Records label.
Confrontation is always the last option, but infinitely preferable to being a passive victim, and the popular view that fighting back increases the risk of serious injury is refuted.
Confrontation is a tactical role-playing game developed by Cyanide and based on Rackham's miniatures game.
Confrontation is the follow-up to the self-titled 1984 debut album of the Boston new wave band Face to Face.
Confrontation is the fourth album from the Louisiana-based sludge metal band Soilent Green.
Confrontations between troops are rare, as this mangabey will usually avoid other troops.
Confronted animals, or confronted-animal as an adjective, where two animals face each other in a symmetrical pose, is an ancient bilateral motif in art and artifacts studied in archeology and art history.
Confronted by a leontophone, they often hunt and kill them, tearing them apart with their claws rather than biting them.
Confronted by a possible gridlock caused by the likely Mubarak-era's judiciary invalidation of the Constituent Assembly, President Morsi issued on November 22, 2012, his second major constitutional declaration.
Confronted by demonstrators in November 1979, Kangiwa promised to address all their grievances.
Confronted by newspaper cutbacks, King Features began explore new venues, such as placing comic strips on mobile phones.
Confronting Optimality Theory approaches (2011) which was written in 2005, and later published in the Calgary Papers in Linguistics.
Confronting Our Culture of Violence is a 1998 non-fiction book by former Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee and Evangelical Christian author and pastor George Grant.
Confronting the problem of an expected two-front war against Germany and Italy in Europe and Japan in the Pacific, the memo set out the main options and suggested fighting a defensive war in the Pacific and giving strategic priority to defeating Germany and Italy.
Confront James is a Los Angeles musical group.
Confucian art is art inspired by the writings of Confucius, and Confucian teachings.
Confucian art may be distinguished between: classical early period, neo-Confucianism, and post-modern Confucian art.
Confucian art originated in China, then spread westwards on the Silk road, southward down to southern China and then onto Southeast Asia, and eastwards through northern China on to Japan and Korea.
Confucian art was inspired of course by Confucius.
Confucian ideals emphasized morality, character, social relationship, and the status quo.
Confucian influence on western art has been limited.
Confucianism holds that one should give up one's life, if necessary, either passively or actively, for the sake of upholding the cardinal moral values of ren (altruism) and yi (righteousness).
Confucianism in Korea is sometimes considered a pragmatic way of holding a nation together without the civil wars and internal dissent that were inherited from the Goryeo dynasty.
Confucian learning contributed in the formation of gyorin and sadae as ritual, conceptual and normative frameworks for construing interactions and political decision-making.
Confucian philosophy calls for paying respect to one's ancestors, an aspect of filial piety; Zhuo Xinping (2011) views traditional patriarchal religion as the religious organization complementing the ideology of Confucianism.
Confucians liked to castrate people who fought the establishment.
Confucian thought has held different views of science over time.
Confucius, also known as Bronze Statue of Confucius, Confucius Bronze Statue, Confucius Statue, and Great Confucius, is an outdoor 2009 bronze sculpture of the Chinese editor, philosopher, politician, and teacher of the same name by Willy Wang, installed in Hermann Park's McGovern Centennial Gardens in Houston, Texas, United States.
Confuciusornis-like features include the finger bones proportionately shorter than the metacarpals, unlike in Archaeopteryx (Lee et al. 2001).
Confuciusornithidae consists of four genera, with type-specimens possessing both shafted and non-shafted (downy) feathers.
Confuciusornithidae is an extinct family of early birds known from the Early Cretaceous, found in northern China.
Confuciusornithiformes is a group of beaked, long-winged avialans from the early Cretaceous Period of China.
Confucius preached jen (humanity) and the equality and educability of all people; Neo-Confucianists and Imperial leaders used his beliefs in social hierarchy, particularly in the family setting, for the physical and social oppression of women.
Con Funk Shun (formerly known as Project Soul) is an American R&B and funk band whose popularity began in the mid-1970s and ran through the 1980s.
ConFurence was the first exclusively furry convention, held annually in southern California from 1989 to 2003.
Confurius played the main role Charlotte von Lengefeld in the 2014 film Beloved Sisters.
Confusarin and confusaridin are phrenathrenoids found in E. confusa.
Confusarin is a phrenathrenoid found in the orchids Eria confusa and Bulbophyllum reptans.
Confused by some with the Tuscan painter Sani di Pietro, he was.
Confused.com, part of the Admiral Group, is a British financial services comparison website specializing in comparison of insurance and financial services.
"Confused" was used as the single album's lead song.
Confusingly, 777 is also the title of the United States' version of System 7's first studio album, System 7.
Confusingly, a different species, Potamilus inflatus, has also sometimes been listed as "Alabama heelsplitter".
Confusingly, another American company also offered a car called the Allen, also in 1913, though the Ohio model was somewhat more successful.
Confusingly, a paalstab is not an ax, but a digging tool.
Confusingly, a part of Comiston Road has signage as Pentland Terrace, the name of a terrace of Victorian houses set back from, and above Comiston Road, with a roadway of its own immediately in front of the houses.
Confusingly, a synonym of this species is Perca marina, but that name (as Sebastes marinus) has incorrectly been used for a separate species, the rose fish.
Confusingly, a tributary of the Sofia River is also called the Bemarivo River.
Confusingly, a very different game from Jeff Minter's Gridrunner series was also released in the US under the name Attack of the Mutant Camels.
Confusingly, Black Hamburg is also used as a synonym for its maternal parent.
Confusingly, both the manufacturer and its product have the same name.
Confusingly, escadrons in the actual French army's Armor and Baggage Train Corps are company equivalents and therefore typically commanded by a capitaine.
Confusingly from 1848 to 1860, the company name was used by two separate operators.
Confusingly, Glyn Ceiriog translates simply as Ceiriog Valley, though there are other villages in the valley.
Confusingly, Gridrunner 2 was released in the US under the name Attack of the Mutant Camels, which was also the title used for a totally different game released the same year by Minter.
Confusingly his older brother was also similarly named, Bazett Jarvis Blenkins.
Confusingly, however, since reassignment, the virus now called HTLV-3 is not HIV.
Confusingly, Hume's short-toed lark is also sometimes called the lesser short-toed lark.
Confusingly, it is also the name of a subtribe within the subfamily Poritiinae and the tribe Liptenini.
Confusingly, it is also used to refer to groups of people who are related through their male ancestor by other anthropology writers.
Confusingly, it is a tributary of the Waimamaku River, reaching the latter 10 kilometers southeast of Omapere.
Confusingly, later editions of this single-disk version bear the title Bizarre Fruit, although the cover art remains the same as the initial Bizarre Fruit II release.
Confusingly, multi-site universities often call each separate site "a campus" and many original campus universities now have expanded to more than one site (or campus), for example the University of Nottingham.
Confusingly, naval personnel often use the term Fleet Base East to mean the naval wharves at Garden Island where ships assigned to the Fleet Base usually berth but the official designation includes several other bases and facilities as well.
Confusingly, neither of the Reddish stations - North and South - were on this line.
Confusingly, one registry applies Javanese to a different breed.
Confusingly, roll film was originally often referred to as "cartridge" film because of its resemblance to a shotgun cartridge.
Confusingly, since 2006 another label has been trading as "Free-Spirit Records", only the hyphen differentiating between the two.
Confusingly, some types of cancer use the -noma suffix, examples including melanoma and seminoma.
Confusingly, such Windows XP systems quote "HPET" connectivity in the device driver manager even though the Intel HPET device is not being used.
Confusingly, the 16-bit versions of the original The Last Ninja game were also released in 1990 as Ninja Remix.
Confusingly the company name is NeuraJet, while the aircraft model is the Neura Jet.
Confusingly, the designation "SP-2744" was painted on her bow and this designation is reported as her official one by many sources, although this contradicted her official data card, which identifies her as "Id. No. 2744," a more likely official designation for her given that "SP" numbers were usually much lower and because she did not have the patrol vessel role of most "SP" boats.
Confusingly, the district is not a union school district under California law; rather, it was named in honor of the Union Army when founded in 1863, during the American Civil War.
Confusingly, the first part of the series, O Continente, was translated as Time and the Wind, giving the impression that it is the whole work.
Confusingly, the front cover of Very Best of the Relix Years is the same as the front cover of another New Riders compilation album, Relix's Best of the New New Riders of the Purple Sage.
Confusingly the hospital is not in Hammersmith but is located north of White City adjacent to Wormwood Scrubs and East Acton.
Confusingly, the intersection through the village of its 3 main roads, location of the village school, and previously Post Office, is in Upper Ratley, and is denoted on Maps as such, with the mapped location of Awbridge being further towards Romsey than is generally accepted.
Confusingly the rank of CAO is now largely being phased out and both medically qualified Chief Officers and civilian Chief Officers are styled as "Chief Executive".
Confusingly, there are two different albums with the title "Looking Back": a Decca UK release as a single album (SKL 5010) and a Decca Germany (issued by TELDEC) release as a double album (DS 3104/1-2).
Confusingly, therefore, its first paperback publication by Warner Books was issued as Volume 6 in Warners' Six Million Dollar Man book series (the only other Caidin work to be published in this series was High Crystal), even though Caidin's Cyborg continuity is separate from that of the other Six Million Dollar Man-branded novels by authors such as Mike Jahn and Jay Barbree which were novelizations based upon teleplays.
Confusingly, the Secretary of State responsible for this Department was titled the Secretary of State for Social Services.
Confusingly, the "Sunny" name has been used on other Nissan models, notably various export versions of the Nissan Pulsar model line.
Confusingly the terms test dataset and validation dataset are sometimes used with swapped meaning.
Confusingly, the terms VAT, GST, consumption tax and sales tax are sometimes used interchangeably.
Confusingly, the terms "vervet monkey" and "green monkey" are sometimes used to refer to the whole genus Chlorocebus, though they also refer more precisely to species Chlorocebus pygerythrus and Chlorocebus sabaeus, respectively, neither of which is the type species for Chlorocebus.
Confusingly, the third baron was again created Earl of Strafford in 1711, and the earldom and barony remained merged until their mutual extinction.
Confusingly, the word refers both to the behavior of the learner and the teacher.
Confusingly, this protein is usually referred to as eIF4GII, as although EIF4G3 is the third gene that is similar to eukaryotic translation initiation factor 4 gamma, the second isoform EIF4G2 is not an active translation initiation factor.
Confusingly, Urquhart is the name of the parish but due to amalgamations a Ferintosh "Parish" Church is at nearby Conon Bridge, whereas the former Urquhart Parish Church is close to the Ferintosh Burn (see below).
Confusingly, Venix 2.0 for the DEC PRO-380 microcomputer (Venix/PRO) was based "essentially" on System III.
Confusingly Westmoreland Road and Westmoreland Station Road, near the Westmoreland goods station closed in 1967, are not in the ward, but about a mile away in Widcombe ward.
Confusingly, "Workbench" was also the name originally given to the entire Amiga operating system up until version 3.1.
Confusional Quartet is one of the most recognized Italian bands in the so-called New Wave era, a period ranging from the late seventies to the mid-eighties.
Confusion arises because, in the UK, the Miniature Lop is often commonly called (for short) the Mini Lop.
Confusion arises because the older term "barley sugar" became genericized and was applied to a wide range of boiled sugar candies during the 1800s.
Confusion arises when trying to establish to which mountain range these belong to.
Confusion Au Go Go is the last studio album by the rock band Love Battery.
Confusion Bay is the second album by Danish metal band Raunchy.
Confusion between dithionate and dithionite is commonly encountered, even in manufacturers' catalogs.
Confusion between the two men has affected the study of this period of history.
Confusion caused the official results to be declared from the end of the 14th lap.
Confusion exists around when it was recorded and released, with some sources stating it was released in 1993.
Confusion in communicating this change in plans to the press resulted in some people believing Betsy was seeded and that its subsequent track changes were a result of that.
Confusion is a 1975 studio album by Nigerian Afrobeat musician Fela Kuti and his Africa 70 band.
Confusion is a commentary on the confused state of post-colonial Lagos and its lack of infrastructure and proper leadership at the time.
Confusion is a one-song Afrobeat album that begins with an entirely instrumental first half, which features free form interplay between Kuti's electric piano and drummer Tony Allen.
Confusion is caused by writers who interchange variolation and vaccination through either mistranslation or misinterpretation.
Confusion Is Sex is the debut studio album by American noise rock band Sonic Youth.
Confusion may arise from the fact that his sons and descendants did continue an active commercial interest in the Liverpool trade through its hey day of the later 18th Century.
Confusion may arise from the fact that the character is played by the musician of the same name, Creed Bratton.
Confusion Na Wa is a 2013 Nigerian dark comedy drama film directed by Kenneth Gyang, starring Ramsey Nouah, OC Ukeje, Ali Nuhu and Tunde Aladese.
Confusion Na Wa won the Best picture at the 9th Africa Movie Academy Awards, it also won the award for Best Nigerian film.
Confusion Na Wa won the best picture award.
Confusion often arises because the name "daddy long-legs" is also applied to two distantly related arthropod groups: harvestmen (which are arachnids but not spiders) and crane flies (which are insects).
Confusion often arises because the name "Daddy longlegs" is also applied to two other unrelated arthropods: the Harvestman and the Crane Fly.
Confusion on which of these two names to use for the rice blast pathogen remains, as both are now used by different authors.
Confusion or distraction can occur during an intercultural encounter if participants from both parties are not accustomed to the same backchannel norms.
Confusion over such decisions have necessitated the creation of these metalinguistic terms.
Confusion over the band's name continued for more than a decade at music retailers, cataloguers and auctioneers.
Confusion over the details of the 15th-century title has led to conflicting order for title holders; authorities such as Burke's Peerage and Debrett's Peerage do not agree on whether or not the 1447 creation is still extant.
Confusion over the succession, was generated by William of Malmesbury, who suggested that Stigand was succeeded by a Bishop William.
Confusion rose around the criteria of the new category due to the varying ages of the nominees.
Confusions is a play by Alan Ayckbourn consisting of a series of five interconnected one-act plays.
Confusions of a Nutzy Spy is an early 1943 Looney Tunes cartoon starring Porky Pig.
Confusion surrounds the incident as the Indian Army was accused of the firing even when claiming it was the 74th Battalion of the Border security Force that was involved.
Confusion that Freedomites were Doukhobors arose because all moved to Canada together to escape religious persecution in Russia, and seek land and freedom.
Confusion Unlimited is the debut album by Canadian singer-songwriter Kate Maki, released in 2003.
Confusion was exacerbated by the Soviet practice of mixing missile types within a class of ships.
Confusion with a town with the same name in Henry County led this village to be renamed Marshalltown in 1862.
Confusion with nearby Fort Washakie prompted an 1884 name change to Wamsutter, after a Union Pacific bridge engineer.
Confusion with words for battle led to the pie being crenelated, or shaped to resemble a castle with towers.
Confusiusornithids are also noted for their beak and lack of teeth, similar to modern birds.
Confutatio Augustana was the Roman Catholic refutation (confutation) of the Augsburg Confession, often referred to in the theological literature as simply the Confutatio.
Confuzion is a puzzle game developed and published by Incentive Software for the ZX Spectrum, Commodore 64, BBC Micro, and Acorn Electron.
Confuzion was written by Paul Shirley who later wrote Spindizzy.
Cong Abbey is a historic site located at Cong, on the borders of counties Galway and Mayo, in Ireland's province of Connacht.
Conga Bugs is a Windows Casual Game by Indian studio GameTantra, a newly formed publishing and distribution label of Dhruva Interactive.
Conga Composer allowed automated creation of Microsoft Word documents from multiple Salesforce.com data sources.
Congagement is an employee relations business term that means to "connect" and to "engage" with employees.
Conga is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae.
Co'nga is a village in the Tibet Autonomous Region of China.
Congalla District is one of twelve districts of the province Angaraes in Peru.
Con Games is a 2001 American direct to video action drama film written and directed by Jefferson Edward Donald, starring Tommy Lee Thomas, Eric Roberts, Martin Kove, Amy Fadhli, and the late Matthew Ansara.
Conga players perform on a tall, narrow, single-headed Cuban drum of African origin called the Tumbadora, or the Conga as it is internationally known.
Conga Project is a gold mining and copper mining project in Cajamarca Region of Northern Peru.
Congaree (foaled April 20, 1998 in Kentucky) is an American Thoroughbred racehorse and sire.
Congaree Road (SC 769) meets Garner's Ferry Road about 120 meters to the east.
Congaree Vista is a cosmopolitan section of Columbia, South Carolina, near the banks of the Congaree River, which was revitalized during the late 1990s and early 2000s.
Congaree was turned over to the Maritime Commission in April 1947 and stricken from the Naval Vessel Register on 10 June.
Congas are now very common in Latin American music, including salsa music, as well as many other forms of American popular music.
Congas are staved like barrels and classified into three types: quinto (lead drum, highest), tres dos or tres golpes (middle), and tumba or salidor (lowest).
Congas District is one of ten districts of the province Ocros in Peru.
Congas have become a popular instrument in many forms of Latin music such as son (when played by conjuntos), descarga, Afro-Cuban jazz, salsa, songo, merengue and Latin rock.
Congas were originally made from salvaged rum or wine barrels and locally-available animal skins.
Congas were originally used in Afro-Cuban music genres such as conga (hence their name) and rumba, where each drummer would play a single drum.
Congdon enlisted in the Army from Fairport, New York in October 1861, but was discharged for disability in January 1862.
Congdonia is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae.
Congdon Park is a neighborhood in Duluth, Minnesota, United States.
Congdon's false horkelia (Horkeliella congdonis) is native to the sagebrush slopes of the eastern Sierra Nevada.
Congdon's Shop is a hamlet in the parish of North Hill, Cornwall, England.
Congebec is considered the 11th largest refrigerated storage company in North America and 18th largest in the world by the International Association of Refrigerated Warehouses (IARW).At present, the company has twelve temperature-controlled facilities across Canada in Boucherville, Sainte-Julie, Montreal, Quebec City, Toronto, Winnipeg, Saskatoon and Calgary with a total of 49,66 million cubic feet (1,406,212) m3) of refrigerated and frozen space.
Congebec Logistics is a Quebec City, Quebec based company that provides cold and multi-temperature storage, warehousing and distribution services.
Congee, mantou and baozi are eaten for breakfast, with a noodle dish also being widely eaten.
Congelation ice is ice that forms on the bottom of an established ice cover.
Congelin is a locality in the Wheatbelt region of Western Australia, north of Williams.
Congelliere promoted Extra Credit by running classified ads in Berkeley based Maximum Rocknroll fanzine and going to skateboard contests.
Congemi is a member of the U.S. Figure Skating International Committee.
Congemi is an American figure skating coach.
Congeners are also used by forensic toxicologists to determine what a person drank in a sub-discipline called alcohol congener analysis.
Congeners are responsible for most of the taste and aroma of distilled alcoholic beverages, and contribute to the taste of non-distilled drinks.
Congenige Randhi Dilhara Fernando (born 19 July 1979), popularly as Dilhara Fernando, is a professional Sri Lankan cricketer playing for Tests, ODIs and T20Is in international arena.
Congenital absence of all wisdom teeth, or third molars, is relatively common.
Congenital absence of permanent teeth can present as hypodontia, usually missing 1 or 2 permanent teeth, or oligodontia that is the congenital absence of 6 or more teeth.
Congenital absence of the vas deferens (CAVD) is a condition in which the vasa deferentia reproductive organs, fail to form properly prior to birth.
Congenital adrenal hyperplasia due to 21-hydroxylase deficiency (21-OH CAH), in all its forms, accounts for over 95% of diagnosed cases of congenital adrenal hyperplasia, and "CAH" in most contexts refers to 21-hydroxylase deficiency.
Congenital adrenal hyperplasia is a genetic disease produced by dysregulation of endocrine control mechanisms.
Congenital afibrinogenemia is a rare, genetically inherited blood fibrinogen disorder in which the blood does not clot normally due to the lack of fibrinogen, a blood protein necessary for coagulation.
Congenital amegakaryocytic thrombocytopenia (CAMT) is a rare inherited disorder.
Congenital amputation can also occur due to maternal exposure to teratogens during pregnancy.
Congenital amputation is birth without a limb or limbs, or without a part of a limb or limbs.
Congenital bilateral perisylvian syndrome (CBPS) is a rare neurological disease characterized by paralysis of certain facial muscles and epileptic seizures.
Congenital cartilaginous rest of the neck (also known as a cervical accessory tragus, wattle, cervical tab, and cervical auricle) is a minor and very rare congenital cutaneous condition characterized by branchial arch remnants that are considered to be the cervical variant of accessory tragus.
Congenital cases are very rare and involve a failure of autonomic control of breathing.
Congenital cataracts cover a broad spectrum of severity: whereas some lens opacities do not progress and are visually insignificant, others can produce profound visual impairment.
Congenital cataracts may be unilateral or bilateral.
Congenital cataracts refers to a lens opacity present at birth.
Congenital cataracts usually develop as a result of infection of the fetus or genetic reasons.
Congenital causes include maldevelopment of penile shaft skin, whereas acquired conditions include morbid obesity, overlaying abdominal fat, or penile injury.
Congenital contractural arachnodactyly (CA), also known as fawn calf syndrome, is an autosomal recessive genetic disorder in cattle.
Congenital Contractural Arachnodactyly (CCA, Beals syndrome) is a rare congenital connective tissue disorder.
Congenital cutaneous candidiasis, previously known as Beck-Ibrahim disease, is a skin condition in newborn babies caused by premature rupture of membranes together with a birth canal infected with Candida albicans.
Congenital cystic eye (also known as CCE or cystic eyeball) is an extremely rare ocular malformation where the eye fails to develop correctly in utero and is replaced by benign, fluid-filled tissue.
Congenital cytomegalovirus infection can lead to significant morbidity and even death.
Congenital cytomegalovirus infection refers to a condition where cytomegalovirus is transmitted in the prenatal period.
Congenital dermal sinus is an uncommon form of cranial or spinal dysraphism.
Congenital disorders of glycosylation are sometimes known as CDG syndromes.
Congenital distal spinal muscular atrophy (congenital dSMA) is a hereditary genetic condition characterized by muscle wasting (atrophy), particularly of distal muscles in legs and hands, and by early-onset contractures (permanent shortening of a muscle or joint) of the hip, knee, and ankle.
Congenital dyserythropoietic anemia (CDA) is a rare blood disorder, similar to the thalassemias.
Congenital dyserythropoietic anemia type III (CDA III) is a rare autosomal dominant disorder characterized by macrocytic anemia, bone marrow erythroid hyperplasia and giant multinucleate erythroblasts.
Congenital dyserythropoietic anemia type IV (CDA IV) has been described with typical morphologic features of CDA II but a negative acidified-serum test.
Congenital dysfibrinogenemia involves: the circulation at normal levels of fibrinogen at least some of which is dysfunctional; a different set of causative gene mutations; a somewhat different mix of clinical symptoms; and a much lower rate of penetrance.
Congenital estrogen deficiency is a congenital form of hypoestrogenism in which the body is unable to produce or use estrogens.
Congenital fiber type disproportion (CFTD) is an inherited form of myopathy with small type 1 muscle fibers that may occur in a number of neurological disorders.
Congenital forms have been previously described.
Congenital forms of hyperinsulinemic hypoglycemia can be transient or persistent, mild or severe.
Congenital HCMV is the leading infectious cause of deafness, learning disabilities, and intellectual disability in children.
Congenital hearing loss is a hearing loss present at birth.
Congenital heart defects are divided into two main groups: cyanotic heart defects and non-cyanotic heart defects, depending on whether the child has the potential to turn bluish in color.
Congenital heart defects are partly preventable through rubella vaccination, the adding of iodine to salt, and the adding of folic acid to certain food products.
Congenital heart defects are the leading cause of birth defect-related deaths.
Congenital heart defects, genetic disorders, preeclampsia, and complications of preterm labor and delivery are a few examples of disorders that maternal-fetal medicine sub-specialists treat.
Congenital heart diseases involving only the primary arteries (pulmonary artery and aorta) belong to a sub-group called transposition of the great arteries.
Congenital Heart Surgeons' Society (CHSS) is a professional membership organization of heart surgeons who specialize in treating congenital heart defects.
Congenital hemolytic anemia (or hereditary hemolytic anemia) refers to hemolytic anemia which is primarily due to congenital disorders.
Congenital hepatic fibrosis is an inherited fibrocystic liver disease associated with proliferation of interlobular bile ducts within the portal areas and fibrosis that do not alter hepatic lobular architecture.
Congenital hereditary corneal dystrophy (CHED) is a form of corneal dystrophy which presents at birth.
Congenital hernia occurs because of the weakness of the suprapleural membrane or neck muscles.
Congenital hyperinsulinism ,CHI, is a medical term referring to a variety of congenital disorders in which hypoglycemia is caused by excessive insulin secretion.
Congenital hypertrophy of the lateral fold of the hallux is a rare cutaneous condition of unknown pathology that present to newborns.
Congenital hypofibrinogenemia is a rare disorder in which one of the two genes responsible for producing fibrinogen, a critical blood clotting factor, is unable to make a functional fibrinogen glycoprotein because of an inherited mutation.
Congenital hypoplastic anemia (or constitutional aplastic anemia) is a type of aplastic anemia which is primarily due to a congenital disorder.
Congenital hypothyroidism caused by thyroid dysgenesis can be associated with PAX8.
Congenital hypothyroidism (CH) is a condition of thyroid hormone deficiency present at birth.
Congenital Ichthyosiform Erythroderma (CIE), also known as Nonbullous congenital ichthyosiform erythroderma is a rare type the ichthyosis family of skin diseases which occurs in 1 in 200,000 to 300,000 births.
Congenital insensitivity to pain (CIP), also known as congenital analgesia, is one or more rare conditions in which a person cannot feel (and has never felt) physical pain.
Congenital insensitivity to pain with anhidrosis (CIPA), also called hereditary sensory and autonomic neuropathy type IV, is an extremely rare inherited disorder of the nervous system which prevents the sensation of pain, heat, cold, or any real nerve-related sensations (including feeling the need to urinate); however, patients can still feel pressure.
Congenital iodine deficiency syndrome, previously known as cretinism, is a condition of severely stunted physical and mental growth owing to untreated congenital deficiency of thyroid hormone (congenital hypothyroidism) usually owing to maternal hypothyroidism.
Congenital lactic acidosis (CLA) is a rare disease caused by mutations in mitochondrial DNA (mtDNA) that affect the ability of cells to use energy and cause too much lactic acid to build up in the body, a condition called lactic acidosis.
Congenital lactose intolerance is an extremely rare genetic disorder in which little or no lactase is made from birth.
Congenital limb deformities are congenital musculoskeletal disorders which primarily affect the upper and lower limbs.
Congenital lymphangiomas are often associated with chromosomal abnormalities such as Turner syndrome, although they can also exist in isolation.
Congenitally (primary) caused condylar hypoplasia leads to underdeveloped condyle at birth.
Congenital malaria is an extremely rare condition which occurs due to transplacental transmission of maternal infection.
Congenital malformations of the dermatoglyphs are a cutaneous condition divided into four main categories based on the appearance of the dermal ridges of which they are composed: (1) ridge aplasia; (2) ridge hypoplasia; (3) ridge dissociation; and (4) ridges-off-the-end.
Congenital megaureter is an uncommon condition which is more common in males, may be bilateral, and is often associated with other congenital anomalies.
Congenital mesoblastic nephroma was first named as such in 1967 but was recognized decades before this as fetal renal hamartoma or leiomyomatous renal hamartoma.
Congenital mesoblastic nephroma, while rare, is the most common kidney neoplasm diagnosed in the first three months of life and accounts for 3-5% of all childhood renal neoplasms.
Congenital muscular dystrophies are autosomal recessively-inherited muscle diseases.
Congenital myopathies account for one of the top neuromuscular disorders in the world today, comprising approximately 6 in 100,000 live births every year.
Congenital myopathy is a very broad term for any muscle disorder present at birth.
Congenital myotonia, also called myotonia congenita, is a congenital neuromuscular channelopathy that affects skeletal muscles (muscles used for movement).
Congenital nephrotic syndrome is an inherited disorder characterized by protein in the urine and swelling of the body.
Congenital (present at birth) hearing loss is also considered prelingually, since a newborn infant has not acquired speech and language.
Congenital prosopagnosia is an inability to recognize faces without a history of brain damage; while acquired prosopagnosia is caused by damage to the right occipital-temporal region of the brain.
Congenital PSS is a hereditary condition in dogs and cats, its frequency varying depending on the breed.
Congenital pulmonary airway malformation (CPAM), formerly known as congenital cystic adenomatoid malformation (CCAM), is a congenital disorder of the lung similar to bronchopulmonary sequestration.
Congenital pyloric atresia usually causes a single bubble on radiographs without distal gas, though an intermittent double bubble sign is occasionally seen.
Congenital sensorineural deafness occurs in domestic cats with a white coat.
Congenital smooth muscle hamartoma is typically a skin colored or lightly pigmented patch or plaque with hypertrichosis.
Congenital stationary night blindness - normal a-wave indicates normal photoreceptors; absent b-wave indicates abnormality in the bipolar cell region.
Congenital stenosis of vena cava is a congenital anomaly in which the superior vena cava or inferior vena cava has an aberrant interruption or coarctation.
Congenital stromal corneal dystrophy (CSCD), also called Witschel dystrophy, is an extremely rare, autosomal dominant form of corneal dystrophy.
Congenital symmastia is a rare condition with few published cases.
Congenital syphilis is syphilis present in utero and at birth, and occurs when a child is born to a mother with syphilis.
Congenital tracheal collapse appears to be caused by a deficiency of normal components of tracheal ring cartilage like glycosaminoglycans, glycoproteins, calcium, and chondroitin.
Congenital trigger thumb, or pediatric trigger thumb (PTT), is a trigger thumb in infants and young children.
Congenital tufting enteropathy is an inherited disorder of the small intestine that presents with intractable diarrhea in young children.
Congenital urogenital fistulas are rare; only ten cases have been documented.
Congenital vertebral anomalies include alterations of the shape and number of vertebrae.
Conger cuddling is a traditional event in Lyme Regis, Dorset, England, in which a dead conger eel is thrown at members of the Royal National Lifeboat Institution (RNLI).
Congerenge is a small town in Niassa Province in northwestern Mozambique.
Conger erebennus is an eel in the family Congridae (conger/garden eels).
Conger is a city in Freeborn County, Minnesota, United States.
Conger macrocephalus is an eel in the family Congridae (conger/garden eels).
Conger philippinus is an eel in the family Congridae (conger/garden eels).
Conger's mother is retired American actress Susan Harrison.
Conger, the chief song writer at the time, was hard to work with and eventually left the band over musical differences and self admitted "immaturity."
Congerville is a village in Woodford County, Illinois, United States.
Congerville is part of the Peoria, Illinois Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Conger was selected in the first round, with the 25th overall selection, of the 2006 Major League Baseball draft.
Congestheriella is an extinct genus of fossil branchiopods in the order Spinicaudata.
Congestion at the station increased over the years until in 1877 by-pass lines for goods traffic were provided, although the dispersed terminal facilities largely remained.
Congestion collapse results in preventing the page from ever being completely re-rendered and re-cached, as every attempt to do so times out.
Congestion flow lends itself to principles of fluid dynamics.
Congestion is common during the summer holidays, on Friday afternoons, and school and bank holidays on the section south of the M4.
Congestion pricing in New York City is a proposed traffic congestion fee charged to vehicles traveling into or within a predetermined area in the Manhattan central business district of New York City.
Congestion pricing or congestion charges is a system of surcharging users of public goods that are subject to congestion through excess demand such as higher peak charges for use of bus services, electricity, metros, railways, telephones, and road pricing to reduce traffic congestion; airlines and shipping companies may be charged higher fees for slots at airports and through canals at busy times.
Congestive hepatopathy, also known as nutmeg liver and chronic passive congestion of the liver, is liver dysfunction due to venous congestion, usually due to congestive heart failure.
Congewai Creek, a watercourse of the Hunter River catchment, is located in the Hunter district of New South Wales, Australia.
Conggo is a village in the Tibet Autonomous Region of China.
Conghalach mac Laidhgnen ua Gadhra, King of Gailenga, died 993.
Conghalach was a son of Laidhgnen ua Gadhra, who was in turn a grandson of Gadhra, from whom the surname O'Gara derived.
Conghaltach is described as Prior, not Abbot, unless he held two offices at once, as did Cormac mac Ciaran and Ruthmael.
Conghaltach mac Etguini (died 808) was Abbot of Clonfert.
Congiopodus is a genus of pigfishes native to the southern Atlantic and Pacific oceans.
Congjapyx is a genus of diplurans in the family Japygidae.
Congkak is a 2008 Malaysian horror film directed by Ahmad Idham.
Congleton is a constituency in Cheshire, represented in the House of Commons of the UK Parliament since 2010 by Fiona Bruce of the Conservative Party.
Congleton is an unincorporated community in Lee County, Kentucky, United States.
Congleton is an unincorporated community in McLean County, in the U.S. state of Kentucky.
Congleton is an unincorporated community in Pitt County, in the U.S. state of North Carolina.
Congleton is the nearest large town.
Congleton legally acquired ownership of the band name Ambulance LTD, and in 2007, Congleton was working with The Velvet Underground's John Cale in Los Angeles writing new material, none of which has officially surfaced.
Congleton, Macclesfield, Bollington and Stockport were traditionally silk weaving towns.
Congleton Museum is a local museum in Congleton, Cheshire, northwest England, covering the history of the town of Congleton, which is situated on the banks of the River Dane.
Congleton Museum Trust was established in 1985 by a group of people interested in local history.
Congleton railway station is a mainline station serving the Cheshire town of Congleton.
Congleton Town Council is the town council for Congleton which was established in 1980.
Congleton Town F.C. is a football club based in Congleton, Cheshire, England.
Congleton was a non-metropolitan district in Cheshire, England.
Congleton was, from 1974 to 2009, a local government district with borough status in Cheshire, England.
Conglin is a genus of spiders in the Linyphiidae family.
Congliptious is a 1968 album by Roscoe Mitchell's Art Ensemble which later became the Art Ensemble of Chicago.
Conglog Slate Quarry was a small enterprise situated to the north-west of Tanygrisiau near Blaenau Ffestiniog in Wales.
Conglomerado Cualac is a geologic formation in Mexico.
Conglomerados de Caranguejeira is a Late Jurassic to Early Cretaceous geologic formation in Brazil.
Conglomerate discount is an economic concept describing a situation when the stock market values a diversified group of businesses and assets at less than the sum of its parts.
Conglomerate International is the fourth studio album by American post-hardcore band Frodus, released in 1998 through Tooth & Nail Records.
Conglomerate is a record label founded by Busta Rhymes.
Conglomerate masses can also develop in sarcoidosis, but usually near the hilae and with surrounding paracitricial emphysema.
Conglomerate masses may also occur in other pneumoconioses, such as talcosis, berylliosis (CBD), kaolin pneumoconiosis, and pneumoconiosis from carbon compounds, such as carbon black, graphite, and oil shale.
Conglomerates are often large and multinational.
Conglomerates were popular in the 1960s due to a combination of low interest rates and a repeating bear-bull market, which allowed the conglomerates to buy companies in leveraged buyouts, sometimes at temporarily deflated values.
ConGlomeration 2018 will be held at the Crowne Plaza Hotel in Louisville on Easter weekend, March 30 to April 1, 2018.
ConGlomeration is an all-volunteer non-profit organization which, as part of its convention programming, conducts charitable activities on behalf of the American Cancer Society and Cabbage Patch Settlement House.
ConGlomeration is an annual multigenre convention held in or around Louisville, Kentucky.
Conglutinin is a collectin protein.
Congo Airlines was an airline based in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
Congo also re-captured Kiwanja and Rutshuru, where its forces discovered mass graves.
Congo and Equatorial Guinea advanced as group winners and runners-up respectively, while Gabon and Burkina Faso were eliminated.
Congo Bill (1948) is a Columbia movie serial based on the DC Comics character Congo Bill.
Congo-Brazzaville is also a member of the International Criminal Court with a Bilateral Immunity Agreement of protection for the US-military.
Congo-Brazzaville was formerly part of the French colony of Equatorial Africa.
Congo Canyon Congo Canyon is a submarine canyon found at the end of the Congo River in Africa.
Congo Cay is an uninhabited island of the United States Virgin Islands, located north of Lovango Cay.
Congochromis is a genus of small cichlids native to river basins in Middle Africa.
Congo competed at the 2014 Summer Youth Olympics, in Nanjing, China from 16 August to 28 August 2014.
Congo competed at the 2015 World Championships in Athletics in Beijing, China, from 22 to 30 August 2015.
Congo Crossing is a 1956 American Technicolor film noir adventure film directed by Joseph Pevney and starring Virginia Mayo and George Nader.
Congo did not compete at another championship until the 2004 tournament, where they beat Equatorial Guinea, but lost to Cameroon in qualification.
Congo did not receive medals at the 1964 Summer Olympics.
Congo DR U-20 national football team, also known as Congo DR Under-20s or nicknamed Small Leopards, is the youth team for football in Congo DR.
Congo Grille is a chain of family restaurants in the Philippines named for its African jungle-themed interiors.
Congoharpax aberrans is a species of praying mantis in the genus Congoharpax in the order Mantodea.
Congoharpax boulardi is a species of praying mantis in the genus Congoharpax in the order Mantodea.
Congoharpax coiffaiti is a species of praying mantis in the genus Congoharpax in the order Mantodea.
Congoharpax is a genus of praying mantis in the family Hymenopodidae.
Congoharpax judithae is a species of praying mantis in the genus Congoharpax in the order Mantodea.
Congo in Four Acts is a 2010 documentary film.
Congo is a 1980 science fiction novel by Michael Crichton.
Congo is a 1995 science fiction action-adventure film loosely based on Michael Crichton's novel of the same name.
Congo is a 342,000-square-kilometer country in Equatorial Africa.
Congo is an extinct town in southwestern Shannon County, in the U.S. state of Missouri.
Congo is an unincorporated community in Cherokee County, Alabama, United States.
Congo is an unincorporated community on the Ohio River in Hancock County, West Virginia.
Congo is located at the intersection of Hoffmansville Road and Congo Road northeast of Boyertown.
Congo Jazz is a Looney Tunes cartoon starring Warner Bros.' first cartoon star, Bosko.
Congo Jazz was the first cartoon to feature Bosko's falsetto voice that he would use for the bulk of the series' run (the previous Bosko short, Sinkin' in the Bathtub, had used a stereotypical Negro dialect).
Congo (Kinshasa), Luxembourg and Ukraine submitted a film for the first time.
Congolacerta is a genus of equatorial African lacertids of the family Lacertidae.
Congolaise were edited into the film.
Congolapia is a genus of cichlids native to Africa.
Congolese Americans are Americans of descent from the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC) and the Republic of the Congo.
Congolese Australians are Australians of Congolese descent or who were born in the Democratic Republic of the Congo or the Republic of the Congo.
Congolese Banyarwanda occupied Rutshuru, Masisi, Walikale and Kalehe before 1885.
Congolese culture combines the influence of tradition to the region, but also combines influences from abroad which arrived during the era of colonization and has continued to have a strong influence, without destroying the individuality of many tribal' customs.
Congolese defender Kevine Andzouana says he holds no hard feelings against Golden Arrows after being shown the door and was released at the end of the 2007/08 season.
Congolese footballer who also has Swiss nationality.
Congolese formations also acted as garrisons in Egypt, Nigeria and Palestine.
Congolese in the United Kingdom are immigrants from the Democratic Republic of the Congo living in the United Kingdom as well as their British-born descendants.
Congolese migration to the UK is a recent phenomenon, starting in the late 1980s.
Congolese nationalism of Democratic Republic of the Congo, was also for a time known as Zairian nationalism during the rule of Mobutu Sese Seko.
Congolese nationalism persists amongst the people of Democratic Republic of the Congo, in spite of civil war and the lack of a clear definition of what it means to be Congolese.
Congolese people in France consist of migrants from Democratic Republic of the Congo and Republic of the Congo and their descendants living and working in France.
Congolese people in Italy consist of migrants from Democratic Republic of the Congo and Republic of the Congo and their descendants living and working in Italy.
Congolese refugees fleeing the Congo Crisis were settled in Achol-Pii in the 1960s.
Congolese rumba, also known as Rumba Lingala, is a popular genre of dance music that originated in the Congo basin during the 1940s, with strong similarities to Cuban son.
Congolese troops of the Force Publique fought alongside British forces in the East African Campaign, and a Congolese medical unit served in Madagascar and in the Burma Campaign.
Congo Maisie is a 1940 comedy-drama film directed by H. C. Potter and starring Ann Sothern for the second time in the ten film Maisie series as showgirl Maisie Ravier.
Congo Malaysia Korea Consortium Group, is a development conglomerate focused and specializing in international infra-structure construction and natural resource development.
Congomorda atra is a species of beetle in the family Mordellidae, the only species in the genus Congomorda.
Congonhal is a municipality in the state of Minas Gerais in the Southeast region of Brazil.
Congo Norvell formed in 1990 after Powers and Norvell met at the deathbed of a friend in Los Angeles.
Congo participated in the 2010 Summer Youth Olympics in Singapore.
Congorama is a Canadian film directed by Philippe Falardeau, released in 2006.
Congo Rapids is a river rapids ride operating at Six Flags Great Adventure in Jackson, New Jersey.
Congo received negative reviews but performed better than Paramount expected.
Congorilla (1932) is a documentary film by Martin and Osa Johnson.
Congorilla, originally a human character known as Congo Bill, is a superhero appearing in comic books published by DC Comics and Vertigo Comics.
Congo River, beyond darkness is a 2005 film by Thierry Michel examining the Congo River in Africa.
Congo River had hosted the opening round of the tournament every year since its inception.
Congo River Rapids is a river rapids ride made by Intamin.
Congo River Rapids shares its name with a ride at Busch Gardens Tampa in Tampa, Florida, but it has different layout.
Congorock is managed by Three Six Zero Group.
Con Gorozidis (born 20 September 1961) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for St Kilda and Footscray in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Cong or Tsung is a Chinese surname.
Congo rubber was a commercial rubber most notable for its forced harvesting under conditions of great human suffering, in the Congo Free State, detailed in the 1904 Casement Report.
Congo Run is a stream in Hancock County, West Virginia, in the United States.
Congosaurus is an extinct genus of dyrosaurid mesoeucrocodylian.
Congosto is a station on Line 1 of the Madrid Metro.
Congo then went on to a group with Equatorial Guinea, Cameroon and Mali.
Congo took part in the first African Championship in 1991, but withdrew before the tournament began.
Congo Town is a small village located in South Andros district, part of Andros Island in the Bahamas.
Congo vivo is a 1962 Italian film.
Congo won the tournament after a penalty shootout against the Ivorians.
Congratulations debuted at #4 on the UK Albums Chart and runner-up on the US Billboard 200 chart.
Congratulations is the second studio album by the American rock band MGMT, initially self-released through their website on March 20, 2010, prior to release on April 13 through Columbia Records.
Congratulations Remixes is an EP which includes remixes of 3 tracks from the MGMT release Congratulations.
Con Greaney was a traditional Irish singer from Athea, West Limerick.
Congregants first met in the 1840s.
Congregants reported hearing high-heels moving about in the attic when no-one was there.
Congregate care is a term for placement settings that consists of 24-hour supervision for children in a varying degree of highly structured settings such as group homes, residential child care communities, childcare institutions, residential treatment facilities, or maternity homes.
Congregate housing, which includes at least one shared meal per day with other residents.
Congregating the Sick is the second album by the Swedish death metal band Ribspreader.
Congregation Agudas Achim requested her to do it for them.
Congregation Agudath Shalom, also known as Agudas Sholom the Walnut Street Synagogue or the Walnut Street Shul, is an active, historic Orthodox Jewish synagogue at 145 Walnut Street in Chelsea, Massachusetts.
Congregation Agudath Sholom (CAS) is a historic Jewish synagogue at 29 Grove Street in Stamford, Connecticut.
Congregation Ahavath Achim was formed in Stoughton in 1893.
Congregation Ahavath Beth Israel is a synagogue in Boise, Idaho.
Congregation Ahavath Chesed is a Reform Jewish synagogue in Jacksonville, Florida.
Congregation Albert is a Reform synagogue, located at 3800 Louisiana Boulevard NE in Albuquerque, New Mexico.
Congregational churches (also Congregationalist churches; Congregationalism) are Protestant churches in the Reformed tradition practicing congregationalist church governance, in which each congregation independently and autonomously runs its own affairs.
Congregational churches and ministers influenced the First and Second Great Awakenings and were early promoters of the missionary movement of the 19th century.
Congregational Churches existed in all states and territories of Australia at some time.
Congregational churches have had an important impact on the religious, political and cultural history of the United States.
Congregational churches in other parts of the world are often related to these in the United States due to American missionary activities.
Congregational Church (First Congregational Church of Montclair) is a historic church at 40 S. Fullerton Avenue in Montclair, Essex County, New Jersey, United States.
Congregational Church is a historic church at 10 E. Park Place, NE in Grand Rapids, Michigan.
Congregational Church Of Austinburg (also known as The First United Church of Christ, Austinburg) is a historic congregational church on OH 307 in Austinburg, Ohio.
Congregational Church of Patchogue is a historic church at 95 East Main Street in Patchogue, New York.
Congregational Church of the Evangel is a historic Congregational church at 1950 Bedford Ave.
Congregationalism, as defined by the Pew Research Center, is estimated to represent 0.5% of the worldwide Protestant population; though their polity-related customs and other ideas influenced significant parts of Protestantism, as well as other Christian congregations.
Congregationalism in the United States consists of Protestant churches in the Reformed tradition that have a congregational form of church government and trace their origins mainly to Puritan settlers of colonial New England.
Congregationalism in the United States traces its origins to the Puritans of New England, who wrote the Cambridge Platform of 1648 to describe the autonomy of the church and its association with others.
Congregationalism is not limited only to organization of Christian church congregations.
Congregationalist minister John Marsh was a leading figure in the ATU, acting as Corresponding Secretary and editor of the Journal of the American Temperance Union from 1837 until its dissolution in 1866.The official publication of the Union was the Journal of the American Temperance Union.
Congregationalist missionaries from the American Board of Commissioners for Foreign Missions began work in KwaZulu-Natal in 1830, and several congregations of white settlers formed the Congregational Union of South Africa.
Congregationalist polity, or congregational polity, often known as congregationalism, is a system of ecclesiastical polity in which every local church congregation is independent, ecclesiastically sovereign, or "autonomous".
Congregationalists were traditionally Calvinists strongly committed to congregational polity, from which the denomination took its name.
Congregationalists who chose not to join the United Church of Christ founded two alternative denominations: the National Association of Congregational Christian Churches and the Conservative Congregational Christian Conference.
Congregationalist theological education was the motivation at the founding of Yale, and the professional school has its roots in a Theological Department established in 1822.
Congregationalist tradition has a presence in the United States, the United Kingdom, Ireland, Canada, South Africa, Australia, New Zealand, and various island nations in the Pacific region.
Congregational practices concerning church governance influenced the early development of democratic institutions in New England, and many of the nation's oldest educational institutions, such as Harvard and Yale University, were founded to train Congregational clergy.
Congregational-Presbyterian Church (also known as the Presbyterian Church) is a historic church building near Ohio State Route 5 and Ohio State Route 5 in Kinsman, Ohio, United States.
Congregational services are lay-led.
Congregational singing is the practice of the congregation joining in the music of a church, either in the form of hymns or in the form of the office of the liturgy (for example Gregorian chants).
Congregational singing typically comprises a greater proportion of the service than in conventional forms of worship.
Congregational Store, also known as Wolle's Store, is a historic commercial building located at Lititz, Lancaster County, Pennsylvania.
Congregation-based Community Organizing (CBCO) works through local synagogues, churches, and mosques as the primary institutional sponsors of this work.
Congregation Berith Sholom (Covenant of Peace) is a synagogue in Troy, New York.
Congregation Beth Adam is a Jewish congregation located in Cincinnati, Ohio.
Congregation Beth Emeth (House of Truth) is a Reform synagogue in Albany, New York.
Congregation Beth Israel Abraham Voliner is an Orthodox Jewish congregation in Overland Park, in the Kansas City Metropolitan Area.
Congregation Beth Israel in Meridian, Mississippi, is a Reform Jewish congregation founded in 1868 and a member of the Union for Reform Judaism.
Congregation Beth Israel is a Reconstructionist synagogue located at 542 South New Middletown Road in Middletown Township, Delaware County, Pennsylvania, near Media.
Congregation Beth Israel is a Reform synagogue located at 3901 Shoal Creek Boulevard in Austin, Texas.
Congregation Beth Israel offers adult education in the form of lectures, films, and Beit Midrash text study.
Congregation Beth Israel of Houston, the oldest Jewish congregation in Texas, was founded in Houston in 1854.
Congregation Beth Israel Ohev Sholem is a synagogue and community center located in the district of Sillery in Quebec City, Quebec, Canada.
Congregation Beth Jacob is an Orthodox congregation located at 1855 Lavista Road in Atlanta, Georgia.
Congregation Beth Ora (translated from Hebrew as House of Light) is a synagogue serving the Orthodox Ashkenazi Jewish community in Saint-Laurent, Quebec, Canada.
Congregation Beth Yeshurun is a Conservative synagogue in Houston, Texas.
Congregation Bikur Cholim Machzikay Hadath is a synagogue in the Seward Park neighborhood of Seattle, Washington.
Congregation Bnai Israel Synagogue is the only synagogue in Delaware County to be listed.
Congregation Chasam Sopher is an Orthodox synagogue located at 10 Clinton Street on the Lower East Side of Manhattan.
Congregation Emanu-El B'ne Jeshurun is a Reform Jewish synagogue in River Hills, Wisconsin.
Congregation Emanuel is a Conservative synagogue in Statesville, North Carolina.
Congregation Emanu-El is a synagogue in Victoria, British Columbia, Canada.
Congregation Emanu-El of San Francisco, California, is one of the two oldest Jewish congregations in California.
Congregation Ezra Bessaroth (EB) is a Sephardic congregation with a synagogue in the Seward Park neighborhood of Seattle, Washington.
Congregation Habonim Toronto, founded in 1954, is a liberal reform synagogue located at 5 Glen Park Avenue in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, and one of the first Holocaust refugee/survivor congregations to develop in Canada.
Congregation is the third full length, and first live, album by Irish alternative rock band Kerbdog.
Congregation Kesher Israel is a synagogue located in the Society Hill section of Center City Philadelphia.
Congregation Knesseth Israel, also known as the Junction Shul, is an Orthodox Jewish congregation in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
Congregation Kol Ami is a Reform synagogue in Frederick, Maryland, United States.
Congregation Kol Ami is a synagogue located in Salt Lake City, Utah.
Congregation Machzikei Hadas, is open to all, regardless of level of observance.
Congregation members are known as Spiritans in Continental Europe, and as the Holy Ghost Fathers in English-speaking countries, although even there they are becoming known as Spiritans.
Congregation Ner Tamid is a Conservative Synagogue in Rancho Palos Verdes, California.
Congregation of Christian Retreat is the name of two Roman Catholic religious institutes, one of priests and one of nuns.
Congregation of the Damned is the fifth studio album by American heavy metal band Atreyu, released through Hollywood Records and Roadrunner Records on October 27, 2009.
Congregation of the Mission (Latin: Congregatio Missionis; CM) is a vowed, Roman Catholic society of apostolic life of priests and brothers founded by Vincent de Paul.
Congregation Ohabai Sholom, known as The Temple, is a Reform synagogue in Nashville, Tennessee notable for the elaborate, Moorish Revival Vine Street Temple that was its home from 1874 until its demolition in 1954.
Congregation Or Zarua is a Conservative synagogue on the Upper East Side of Manhattan, New York City.
Congregation Ramath Orah is an Orthodox synagogue located in Manhattan's Upper West Side, close to Columbia University.
Congregation Rodef Sholom, founded in 1956, is a Reform Jewish Congregation located on the Lonee C. Hoytt Jewish Campus in San Rafael, California.
Congregation Rodeph Shalom of Philadelphia, founded in 1795, is the oldest Ashkenazic synagogue in the Western Hemisphere.
Congregations and members seek inspiration and derive insight from all major world religions.
Congregations are further organized into circuits of about twenty congregations each.
Congregations are in Cochabamba, La Paz, Santa Cruz, Bolivia, and Cala-Cala.
Congregations are in four provinces of Sulawesi and Nasakke, Lebang, Lambara, Kerepansu, and Kalaena.
Congregations are located in the capital city and in the Nuba Mountains.
Congregations B'nai Zion and Kesher Israel merged to form Kesher Zion in 1929.
Congregations can retain membership in other groups while belonging to the ARC or they can belong exclusively to the ARC.
Congregation Sha'arai Shomayim is the oldest Jewish congregation in the state of Alabama and one of the oldest Reform Jewish congregations in the United States.
Congregation Shaare Emeth is a Reform synagogue in Creve Coeur, Missouri.
Congregation Shaare Zedek (Gates of Righteousness) is a Conservative synagogue located on West 93rd Street in Manhattan.
Congregation Shaarie Torah Cemetery is an historic Jewish cemetery in southeast Portland, Oregon's Brentwood-Darlington neighborhood, in the United States.
Congregations, however, retained their local autonomy and these groups were legally separate from the congregations.
Congregations located in Inhambane, Gaza, Maputo.
Congregations of a "Conservadox" persuasion have formed affiliations such as the Union for Traditional Judaism in the United States and the Canadian Council of Conservative Synagogues.
Congregations often sing a hymn, usually with a theme of invitation or decision, during the altar call.
Congregations of the Baptist Church of Christ were found in Tennessee (their chief stronghold), Arkansas, Alabama, Mississippi, Missouri, North Carolina and Texas.
Congregations of the Coptic Orthodox Church in Australia are served by two Coptic Orthodox Dioceses with over 50 parishes, three Monasteries, two theological Colleges and four schools.
Congregations of the Presbyterian Church in Ireland are grouped into 19 presbyteries throughout the island of Ireland.
Congregations of various Methodist Churches often observe the Covenant Service during the watchnight service of New Year's Eve or on New Year's Day itself, in order to renew one's commitment to Christ and the Church at the start of the year.
Congregation Solel of Highland Park, Illinois was founded in 1957 and was one of the first Reform synagogues in the North Shore of Chicago.
Congregations selected by JTS to benefit from the Gladstein Fellowship program are offered three Gladstein fellows each for a two-year period for a total of six years with the option of hiring any of the fellows to a permanent position.
Congregations that are too distant from a Stake are organized into districts.
Congregations was established in Pretoria, Reef and Orange State and Zululand.
Congregations were established in the main areas, big cities, and the mission spread over a large part of the country.
Congregation Talmud Torah was formed in Stoughton soon after, in 1895.
Congregation Temple Israel is a Reform synagogue in Creve Coeur, Missouri, a municipality in suburban St. Louis County.
Congregation Tifereth Israel of Glen Cove, New York was founded in 1897 and is the oldest continuously operating Jewish house of worship on Long Island outside New York City.
Congregation Tifereth Yehuda Veyisroel, also known as the Kerhonkson Synagogue, is a historic synagogue located at Kerhonkson, Ulster County, New York.
Congregation was well received by contemporary critics, who praised its musical quality, stylistic elements, and emotional content.
Congregation Yetev Lev D'Satmar is a large Hasidic synagogue located at Kent Avenue and Hooper Street in Williamsburg, Brooklyn.
Congregation Yetev Lev D'Satmar is a large Satmar Hasidic synagogue located at Rodney Street in Williamsburg, Brooklyn.
Congresbury railway station was a station at Congresbury on the Bristol and Exeter Railway's Cheddar Valley line in Somerset and the junction for the Wrington Vale Light Railway to Blagdon.
Congresbury remained opened for goods traffic for a few further months, but the station was later demolished, though traces of the platforms can be seen on the Strawberry Line Trail.
Congreso is a station on Line A of the Buenos Aires Underground.
Congreso Obrero de Filipinas (Philippine Labor Congress, acronym COF) was a trade union federation in the Philippines, established in 1913 and dissolving into a paper organization which vanished towards the end of the 1930s.
Congress (1777) was a 28-gun frigate of the Continental Navy that was scheduled to participate in the American Revolutionary War against the British.
Congress adopted legislation establishing the memorial on October 23, 2000, authorizing the Disabled Veterans for Life Memorial Foundation to design, raise funds for, and construct the memorial.
Congress again attempted to resolve these issues in 1800, 1816, 1824, and 1829, when the Architect of the Capitol prepared plans for the tomb in anticipation of the approaching centennial of Washington's birth.
Congress again reauthorized the memorial on July 22, 2014, extending the deadline for an additional seven years, to December 2, 2020.
Congress (AITYC) is the youth wing of secetsry of kandi block TMYC s, a political party of India.
Congress allows the EPA to write regulations in order to solve a problem, but the agency must include a rationale of why the regulations need to be implemented.
Congress also enacted a bilingual election requirement in Section 203, which requires election officials in certain jurisdictions with large numbers of English-illiterate language minorities to provide ballots and voting information in the language of the language minority group.
Congress also has the power to legislate for the district, and can even revoke the home rule charter altogether.
Congress also lightened the three-cent silver, and increased its fineness to 900 silver.
Congress also may, without exerting its full regulatory powers over the subject, and without challenging the basis or supplanting the details of state regulation, enact prohibitions of any acts in pursuit of the insurance business which substantially affect or unduly burden or restrain interstate commerce.
Congress also passed the G.I. Bill, which provided several benefits to World War II veterans.
Congress also won the Legislative assembly election held simultaneously.
Congress amended the name in 2009 to include Stewart Udall, in recognition of his public service.
Congress amended various provisions, such as the Section 5 preclearance requirement and Section 2 general prohibition of discriminatory voting laws, to prohibit discrimination against language minorities.
Congress and NCP contested against each other without a pre-poll alliance but came together for a post-poll alliance to stake claim to form the government.
Congress' approach to free jazz has earned them comparisons to Ornette Coleman, while the group themselves have pointed to Albert Ayler as a primary source of inspiration.
Congress appropriates funds for FMF through the yearly Foreign Operations Appropriations Act.
Congress appropriates money from this fund for the investigation, construction, operation, and administration of Bureau of Reclamation projects.
Congress approved legislation for the coin on March 31, 1936, authorizing 15,000 pieces to be struck at the three mints then in operation.
Congress approved of a statue, to be made from 20 condemned bronze canons, and for $10,000, of which $6,000 had been subscribed by citizens of New York.
Congress approved the amendment on March 24, 1947, and submitted it to the state legislatures for ratification.
Congress approved the WIMSA memorial in 1985, and the Hemicycle approved as the site for the memorial in 1988.
Congress argued that it was their duty to continue resisting Parliament's violations of the British Constitution, and that they would retaliate if any supporters in Great Britain were punished for "favoring, aiding, or abetting the cause of American liberty".
Congress assembled on November 4, 1811.
Congress asserted a right to remove officers, ostensibly to create a blank slate for incoming presidents as well as to weed out poor performers.
Congress assigned responsibility to the U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) to site, construct, operate, and close a repository for the disposal of spent nuclear fuel and high-level radioactive waste.
Congress assigned the responsibility of conducting an "actual enumeration" of the American society to the Secretary of Commerce, who in the 1990 census, decided not to implement the statistical correction, better known as the post-enumeration survey (PES) to adjust an undercount in the initial population count.
Congress attempted to override his veto on October 24, but their attempt failed by one vote.
Congress authorized DARPA to award cash prizes to further DARPA's mission to sponsor revolutionary, high-payoff research that bridges the gap between fundamental discoveries and their use for national security.
Congress authorized the National Liberty Monument in January 2013.
Congress authorized the Peace Corps Commemorative in January 2014.
Congress Avenue is a major thoroughfare in Austin, Texas.
Congress Avenue south of Lady Bird Lake is known as South Congress, often abbreviated to SoCo, and is an increasingly popular shopping and rental district.
Congress Avenue station is a SEPTA Media-Sharon Hill Trolley Line stop in Upper Darby, Pennsylvania.
Congress Avenue Station is located at the west end of the Beverly Hills Trestle, which originally went over a former right-of-way of the Newtown Square Branch of the Pennsylvania Railroad, a line that ended just west of Fernwood-Yeadon Station on the Media/Elwyn Line.
Congress (A) was a political party founded by A. K. Antony when he split from the Indian National Congress (Urs) a splinter group of the Indian National Congress.
Congress came out in 2013.
Congress candidate and former Arunachal Congress leader Wangcha Rajkumar contested Arunchal East and AC candidate Kamen Ringu contested Arunachal West.
Congress can only reduce the funding for programs by changing the authorization law itself.
Congress carried out miscellaneous patrol duties in the 5th Naval District until 23 September 1919, when she was stricken from the Navy List.
Congress Center (formerly the Orbanco Building and Security Pacific Plaza) is an office building completed in 1980 in Portland, Oregon.
Congress Center Hamburg (formerly Congress Centrum Hamburg) is a convention center in Hamburg, Germany, located right next to Planten un Blomen, near the Hamburg Dammtor station.
Congress changed the law to prohibit non-Osage from inheriting headrights from Osage with half or more Native American ancestry.
Congress considered York, and the borough of Wrightsville, on the eastern side of York County along the Susquehanna River, as a permanent capital of the United States before Washington, D.C., was selected.
Congress contested all 14 seats in the states, BJP 12 and AGP 12.
Congress continued to govern Gujarat after the state's creation in 1960.
Congress crafted three powerful Enforcement Acts to suppress violence by the insurgent Ku Klux Klan, and established the Department of Justice and the Office of Solicitor General.
Congress created a Secret Committee for domestic intelligence, a Committee of Secret Correspondence for foreign intelligence, and a committee on spies, for tracking spies within the Patriot movement.
Congress created the 26-member Governing Board in 1988.
Congress created the first GSE in 1916 with the creation of the Farm Credit System; it initiated GSEs in the home finance segment of the economy with the creation of the Federal Home Loan Banks in 1932; and it targeted education when it chartered Sallie Mae in 1972 (although Congress allowed Sallie Mae to relinquish its government sponsorship and become a fully private institution via legislation in 1995).
Congress created the NEP in the 1987 amendments to the Clean Water Act.
Congress created the Office of the Special Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstruction to provide independent and objective oversight of the Afghanistan Reconstruction funds.
Congress decided to address each of these three parts separately.
Congress declared that collective bargaining is "in the public interest" because, among other things, it "contributes to the effective conduct of public business" and "facilitates and encourages the amicable settlements of disputes between employees and their employers involving conditions of employment."
Congress declares that the National Park Service, which began with establishment of Yellowstone National Park in 1872, has since grown to include superlative natural, historic, and recreation areas in every major region of the United States, its territories and island possessions; that these areas, though distinct in character, are united through their inter-related purposes and resources into one national park system as cumulative expressions of a single national heritage; that, individually and collectively, these areas derive increased national dignity and recognition of their superb environmental quality through their inclusion jointly with each other in one national park system preserved and managed for the benefit and inspiration of all the people of the United States; and that it is the purpose of this Act to include all such areas in the System and to clarify the authorities applicable to the system.
Congress defined "language minority" to include "persons who are American Indian, Asian American, Alaskan Natives or of Spanish heritage."
Congress desires that corners and boundaries be definitely fixed, and the precise content of each is not equally important.
Congress did not grant the Court jurisdiction to hear writs of error from the circuit courts in criminal cases until 1889, for capital crimes, and 1891, for other "infamous" crimes.
Congress did not grant them the hearing they requested.
Congress did not set a time limit for its ratification, so the amendment is still pending before the states.
Congress did not set a time limit for its ratification, so the Congressional Apportionment Amendment is still technically pending before the states.
Congress did not take up the nomination.
Congress does not oversee or supervise organizations it has so chartered (aside from receiving a yearly financial statement).
Congress (Dolo), a group that split away from Indian National Congress in Arunachal Pradesh.
Congress (D) was founded July 25, 2003 by Kameng Dolo.
CongressEdits has been called a watchdog by NBC News.
CongressEdits (or @congressedits) is an automated Twitter account created in May 2014 that tweets changes to Wikipedia articles that originate from IP addresses within the ranges assigned to the United States Congress.
Congress enacted HMDA in 1975.
Congress enacted major amendments to the Voting Rights Act of 1965 in 1970, 1975, 1982, 1992, and 2006.
Congress ended funding for JPDO in 2014.
Congress ended funding of the federal noise control program in 1981, which curtailed development of further national regulations.
Congresses bring together people from a wide area, and typically involve large open-air Masses, Eucharistic adoration (Blessed Sacrament), and other devotional ceremonies held over several days.
Congresses may both refer to National (varies by country) and International Eucharistic Congresses.
Congress established a de facto deflationary gold standard that reduced the number of greenbacks in the national economy.
Congress established ARC to bring the region into socioeconomic parity with the rest of the nation.
Congress established mandatory programs under authorization laws.
Congress established the Board when it enacted the Environmental Research, Development, and Demonstration Authorization Act of 1978 (P.L. 95-477).
Congress established the Cold War certificate in Section 1084 of the fiscal 1998 National Defense Authorization Act.
Congress established the CSP under the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 (FSRIA), which amended the Food Security Act of 1985.
Congress established the Farm Credit System in 1916 to provide a reliable source of credit for farmers and ranchers.
Congress established the fund in the Water Quality Act of 1987.
Congress established the Northeast Corridor Commission (the Commission) under Sec.
Congress established the USCG Aux on June 23, 1939, as the United States Coast Guard Reserve.
Congress eventually reassigned the duties in question, and the Supreme Court never gave judgment in this case.
Congress expanded ICC authority to regulate other modes of commerce beginning in 1906.
Congress expanded Section 2 to explicitly ban any voting practice that had a discriminatory effect, irrespective of whether the practice was enacted or operated for a discriminatory purpose.
Congress extended the deadline for fund-raising yet again on May 24, 2010, giving the memorial until December 2, 2013, to finish its efforts.
Congress failed to respond to a legal protest from the Tonkawa, or to an Indian Rights Association investigation that condemned the Commission's actions with the Cheyenne and Arapaho.
Congress followed by passing in 1906 both the Pure Food and Drug Act and the Meat Inspection Act.
Congress for Democratic Change (abbreviated CDC) is a Liberian political party formed by supporters of George Weah's 2005 presidential campaign.
Congress formed a Library of Congress to help assist investigations and developed a Government Accountability Office to help it analyze complex and varied federal expenditures.
Congress further reaffirms, declares, and directs that the promotion and regulation of the various areas of the National Park System, as defined in section 1c of this title, shall be consistent with and founded in the purpose established by section 1 of this title [the Organic Act provision quoted above], to the common benefit of all the people of the United States.
Congress got support from AIUDF for the biennial Rajya Sabha election held on that day.
Congress.gov is the online database of United States Congress legislative information.
Congress granted an appropriation, and allowed it to be in the form of commemorative half dollars, which legislators and organizers believed could be sold at a premium.
Congress granted him a commission on 16 March 1776 as a brigadier general and assigned him to the army under General Philip Schuyler in New York.
Congress Green Cemetery is a historic military cemetery in North Bend, Ohio, near Cincinnati.
Congress had adopted Public Law 8-135 on the matter, which would have altered article II of Chapter IX of the constitution.
Congress had a maximum of 45 days to reject the proposal by passing a joint resolution of disapproval, or the recommendations automatically enter into effect.
Congress had an alliance with its splinter group Arunachal Congress.
Congress had contested in alliance with Telangana Rashtra Samithi (a TDP splinter group, working for the separation of Telangana from AP) and the communist parties.
Congress had inserted safeguards in the legislation to curb excessive profits, and though some of the coins were minted in 1937, there was no change of date, meaning collectors would only have to purchase one piece to have a complete set.
Congress had originally set a ratification deadline of March 22, 1979, for the state legislatures to consider the ERA.
Congress had required that all train cars be equipped with couplers as a safety measure.
Congress Hall is conjoined with Independence Hall, which is adjacent to the east.
Congress Hall, located in Philadelphia at the intersection of Chestnut and 6th Streets, served as the seat of the United States Congress from December 6, 1790 to May 14, 1800.
Congress Hall was restored in the 20th century to its original appearance in 1796.
Congress has 535 voting members: 435 Representatives and 100 Senators.
Congress has authorized $1.45 billion for the project.
Congress has authorized DARPA to award cash prizes to further DARPA's mission to sponsor revolutionary, high-payoff research that bridges the gap between fundamental discoveries and military use.
Congress has broadened the scope of the National Contingency Plan over the years.
Congress has, by more than one act, recognized the transfer as a settled fact.
Congress has expressed a desire to encourage responsible retirement planning by granting favorable tax treatment to a wide variety of plans.
Congress has long recognized that HMOs are risk-bearing organizations subject to state regulation.
Congress has provided from $1 million to $2.5 million annually for the program in recent years, which USDA has used to make grants ranging from $10,000 to $250,000 each.
Congress has since designated Bonneville to be the marketing agent for power from all of the federally owned hydroelectric projects in the Pacific Northwest.
Congress has two-year terms with one session each year.
Congress Heights is a residential neighborhood in southeast Washington, D.C., in the United States.
Congress.he is one of the most powerful politicians/leaders in rajasthan of the congress party.
Congress hoped that by imposing economic sanctions, they would pressure Great Britain into redressing the grievances of the colonies, in particular repealing the Intolerable Acts passed by the British Parliament.
Congress, however, read the decision very strictly and in a new trademark law enacted in 1881 regulated only trademarks used in commerce with foreign nations, and with the Indian tribes, areas specified under the Commerce Clause.
Congress intended to have the ten companies serve as a light infantry force for the Boston siege.
Congressional Asian Pacific American Caucus (CAPAC), founded on May 16, 1994 by former Congressman Norman Mineta, is a bicameral caucus consisting of members of the United States Congress who have a strong interest in promoting Asian American and Pacific Islander (AAPI) issues and advocating the concerns of Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders.
Congressional candidates acquire points based on three categories: how much money they raise, how often they are mentioned in the media, and the final percentage of votes they receive in the election.
Congressional Caucus on Global Road Safety is a congressional caucus that aims to increase awareness of road safety issues within the House of Representatives.
Congressional Cup is an annual match racing sailing competition and event on the World Match Racing Tour.
Congressional Debate (also known as Student Congress, Legislative Debate) is a form of interscholastic high school debate in the United States.
Congressional Decree 17-73 altered the penal code to allow abortion in cases in which the pregnant woman's life is endangered in September 1973.
Congressional districts are apportioned to states by population using the United States Census results, provided that each state has at least one congressional representative.
Congressional districts are for House of Representatives, while there are districts for Sangguniang Panlalawigan, and some Sangguniang Panlungsod.
Congressional Gold Medal is an award bestowed by the United States Congress; the Congressional Gold Medal and the Presidential Medal of Freedom are the highest civilian awards in the United States.
Congressional hearings are not generally considered legal proceedings, as they are generally not directed towards the imposition of a penalty against a specific individual for a specific wrong.
Congressional hosted its third U.S. Open in 2011.
Congressional investigations focused on whether the Department of Justice and the White House were using the U.S. Attorney positions for political advantage.
Congressional laws enacted, following the wake of 9/11, which resulted in new developments in the way security was assessed and addressed in the United States, to prevent and respond to threatened or actual domestic terrorist attacks, disasters, and other emergencies by requiring a national domestic all-hazards preparedness goal.
Congressional opened in 1924 and its Blue Course has hosted five major championships, including three U.S. Opens and a PGA Championship.
Congressional Oversight Panel to offer outside expert legal opinions on the Home Affordable Modification Program and TARP.
Congressional pension is a pension made available to members of the United States Congress.
Congressional Plaza (Spanish: Plaza del Congreso) is a public park facing the Argentine Congress in Buenos Aires.
Congressional Quarterly, Inc., or CQ, is part of a privately owned publishing company called CQ Roll Call that produces a number of publications reporting primarily on the United States Congress.
Congressional Quarterly wrote that Henke "launched one of the first and most successful blogger outreach operations on the Capitol Hill, one that has served as a template for other offices."
Congressional Republicans have criticized CVE for being politically correct, arguing that using the term "Radical Islam" would prevent violent attacks.
Congressional Republicans used the possibility that the courts might invalidate Hawaii's marriage eligibility requirements, as appeared possible following the Supreme Court of Hawaii's 1993 decision in this case, as a reason for the enactment of the federal Defense of Marriage Act (DOMA) in 1996.
Congressional requests for administration documents while investigating the dismissals of the U.S. attorneys required the Bush administration to reveal that not all internal White House emails were available.
Congressional Resolution 642 is a proposed legislation, introduced to the United States House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform by Pete Sessions on 14 March 2016, to help preserve, protect, and promote magic as an art form.
Congressional response has included added telemetry for food science missions.
Congressional special elections were held throughout the year.
Congressional staff are employees of the United States Congress or individual members of Congress.
Congressional stagnation is an American political theory that attempts to explain the high rate of incumbency re-election to the United States House of Representatives.
Congressional supporters include Senator John Walsh (D-MT).
Congressional Wildlife Refuge Caucus (CWRC) is a large bi-partisan Congressional Member Organization in the U.S. House of Representatives formed to support the National Wildlife Refuge System through legislation, funding, and education.
Congress is a census-designated place (CDP) in Yavapai County, Arizona, United States.
Congress is a hamlet in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan.
Congress is a solitaire card game using two decks of 52 playing cards each.
Congress is a village in Wayne County, Ohio, United States.
Congress issued federal charters from 1791 until 1992 under Title 36 of the United States Code.
Congress (Jagjivan) was a political party in India-congress party.
Congress Jananayaka Peravai (Congress Democratic Front) was a political party in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.
Congress lacked the power to levy taxes, regulate foreign or interstate commerce, or effectively negotiate with foreign powers.
Congress later mandated ONC in the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act provisions of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009, under the Obama Administration.
Congress legislates spending for mandatory programs outside of the annual appropriations bill process.
Congress maintained that they still hoped to avoid the "calamities" of a "civil war".
Congressman and Democratic nominee Tom Carper defeated Republican nominee B. Gary Scott in a landslide, winning his first term in office.
Congressman Bob Filner of California was the sponsor of the resolution.
Congressman Chris Smith noted, "The goal is reciprocal notice between countries."
Congressman David McKee Hall is buried in the church cemetery.
Congressman Erlpe John "Ping" M. Amante is currently the Representative of Agusan del Norte - 2nd District.
Congressman Frank Kratovil (D-MD) and Congressman Dan Maffei (D-NY) introduced H.R.2743 with Majority Leader Steny Hoyer (D-MD).
Congressman Henry A. Waxman and Senator Edward M. Kennedy were the chairperson sponsors of the safe medical device amendments.
Congressman Henry Clay was the plan's foremost proponent and the first to refer to it as the "American System".
Congressman Henry Waxman, who was the NLEA's chief sponsor, joined an amicus brief in support of New York City's position and was represented by Public Citizen Litigation Group.
Congressman Holding introduced the bill as H.R. 2698 on June 9, 2015.By the end of the 114th Congress, the bill had 111 cosponsors.
Congressman James Carroll Robinson was the Democratic nominee.
Congressman Joe Barton worked for his uncle Calvin Buice at the Speegleville Store when he was a teenager during the summers.
Congressman Joe Donnelly, a moderate Democrat from Indiana's 2nd Congressional District, received his party's nomination after running unopposed in the primary contest, and then defeated both Mourdock and Libertarian Andrew Horning in the general election.
Congressman Joseph Bouck was born on Bouck's Island and Wisconsin Congressman Gabriel Bouck once lived there.
Congressman Joshua Seney is buried in the churchyard.
Congressman Leonard Lance defeated state Assembly Woman Linda Stender in a long fought race for the highly competitive seat.
Congressman Marlin Stutzman announced he would not run for reelection and instead campaign for the Republican nomination to succeed retiring Senator Dan Coats.
Congressman McCotter resigned on July 6, 2012.
Congressman Pascrell was first elected to Congress in 1996 defeating William J. Martini.
Congressman Patterson was the first Democrat to be elected to Congress from a district entirely within Orange County, California.
Congressman Paul G. Rogers and Senator Edward M. Kennedy were the chairperson sponsors of the medical device amendments.
Congressman Peter Rodino, Chairman of the House Judiciary Committee during its impeachment proceedings against Richard Nixon was a native of the First Ward as well.
"Congressman" refers to any U.S. senator or representative.
Congressman Richard H. Cain called for a million men to leave the injustices they suffered in the United States and leave for Africa.
Congressman Richard Wilson Austin, who represented the area in the U.S. House of Representatives, was credited with obtaining authorization for the building's construction, which cost about $80,000 (equivalent to about $1,900,000 today).
Congressman Rogers currently serves in various top leadership positions in the U.S. House of Representatives.
Congressman Steve Knight (politician) (who replaced Buck McKeon as representative of California's 25th District in 2014) "welcomed an announcement by Cemex that [the BLM] will cancel their mining contracts in the Santa Clarita Valley".
Congressman Tarun Gogoi is the longest-serving officeholder, having served for 15 years from 2001 to 2016.
Congressman Thaddeus McCotter of Michigan unsuccessfully sought the Republican Party's 2012 nomination for President of the United States.
Congressman Todd Tiahrt of Kansas, along with 16 others, co-sponsored a bill asking the 110th Congress to place the Braille flag as a monument to Americas' blinded veterans, blind service members, and other blind Americans at the Arlington National Cemetery.
Congressman Vito Marcantonio's defeat left third parties without representation in Congress for the first time since 1908.
Congressman William La Follette was his son-in-law.
Congress may therefore have included some taxes collected before the circular was issued, but that it thought should not have been, or ought not to have been collected, in the sense intended by the Secretary.
Congress meetings are held every year in a different European city and gather over 3,000 participants from 82 different countries.
Congress Member Major Owens was a keynote speaker.
Congressmen instead debated other provisions.
Congressmen of the Colombian Conservative Party had considered that those enclaves, including Marquetalia, were "independent republics", which needed to be brought in line with the rest of the country through military force.
Congressmen who had served three consecutive terms are prohibited from running in the elections; they may run again in 2013 for the 16th Congress.
Congress MLA, Rajendra Kumar Singh was elected Deputy Speaker on 10 January 2014.
Congress monopoly in the state was brought to an end when Golap Borbora led the Janata party to victory in the 1978 assembly elections.
Congress moved towards the Quit India movement whereby it refused to cooperate in the war effort; in response, the British imprisoned practically the entire Congress leadership for the duration of the war.
Congress must approve the statute and they also have the power to authorize or prohibit certain actions, which the EPA has to implement and enforce.
Congress of Chiropractic State Associations is a not-for-profit organization formed with the mission of promoting a more unified profession for chiropractors.
Congress of Erfurt was the meeting between Napoleon, Emperor of the French, and Alexander I, Emperor of All Russia, from 27 September to 14 October 1808 intended to reaffirm the alliance concluded the previous year with the Treaties of Tilsit which followed the end of the War of the Fourth Coalition.
Congress of Labor Organizations (CLO) was a trade union federation in the Philippines.
Congress of Leaders of World and Traditional Religions is an annual congress held in Astana, Kazakhstan.
Congress of Lutsk was a diplomatic gathering held in Lubart's Castle in Lutsk, Grand Duchy of Lithuania over a 13-week period beginning on January 6, 1429.
Congress of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union with the ambitious goal to build communism in 20 years.
Congress of Trade Unions and Staff Associations of Barbados is a national trade union center.
Congress on Research in Dance is an international non-profit learned society for dance researchers, artists, performers and choreographers.
Congress organized the Court that year with the passage of the Judiciary Act of 1789.
Congress.org is a website run by the CQ-Roll Call Group, which provides information on actions of the United States Congress and news about federal advocacy and activism.
Congress originally passed domestic source restrictions as part of the 1941 Fifth Supplemental DOD Appropriations Act in order to protect the domestic industrial base in the time of war.
Congress (O)'s leader Morarji Desai served as the fourth Prime Minister of India from 1977 to 1979 which was India's first non-Congress government.
Congress overruled this decision with the Fraud Enforcement and Recovery Act of 2009.
Congress over time appropriated $38 million to settle 23,000 claims for damages totaling $131 million.
Congress Park is a park and a neighborhood in the City and County of Denver, Colorado, United States.
Congress party didn't give her ticket to contest assembly election, 2017.
Congress passed an act of the same name in 1882, and overrode a veto by President Arthur.
Congress passed bills to harness energy from the Tennessee River, but presidents Coolidge and Hoover insisted that private enterprise should do the job, and vetoed the bills.
Congress passed in 1816 "An act for the gradual increase of the Navy of the United States."
Congress passed legislation and on August 10, 1988, the Civil Liberties Act of 1988 was signed into law.
Congress passed the 13th Amendment by the necessary two-thirds vote on January 31, 1865, and it was ratified by the states on December 6, 1865, ending legal slavery.
Congress passed the American Indian Religious Freedom Act (AIRFA) in 1978, which was enacted to protect basic civil liberties, and to protect and preserve the traditional religious rights and cultural practices of American Indians, Eskimos, Aleuts, and Native Hawaiians.
Congress passed the Bioweapons Anti-Terrorism Act in 1989 to implement the Convention.
Congress passed the Foreign Assistance Act on September 4, 1961, which reorganized U.S. foreign assistance programs and mandated the creation of an agency to administer economic aid.
Congress passed the Mental Health Parity Act later that year.
Congress passed the National Defense Act of 1916 in June 1916 to authorize an increase in the size of the army from 100,000 men in 1916 to 200,000 on active duty and 400,000 in the National Guard, by 1921.
Congress passed the National Invasive Species Act of 1996 (NISA) in an attempt to control aquatic invasive species.
Congress passed this law in 1992 to assure high-quality mammography for early breast cancer detection, which can lead to early treatment, a range of treatment options leading to an increased chance of survival.
Congresspersons have various privileges to help the presidents serve the national interest and are paid a salary and have pensions.
Congress placed a tax on liquor dealers who violate state liquor laws.
Congress president Sonia Gandhi declared the 33rd National Games open amid clamorous cheering from the 30,000 strong crowd at the Indira Gandhi Athletic Stadium.
Congress President Sonia Gandhi surprised observers by declining to become the new prime minister, instead asking former Finance Minister Manmohan Singh, a respected economist, to head the new government.
Congress, previously reluctant to pursue further steamboat legislation, was forced by the public to push through new regulations.
Congress promised to support Singh in parliament but later backed out just two days before the Govt was scheduled to prove its majority on the floor of Lok Sabha.
Congress proposed a revised version of the Seventh Amendment to the states on September 28, 1789, and by December 15, 1791, the necessary three-quarters of the states had ratified it.
Congress proposed the amendment to the states on September 28, 1789, and by December 15, 1791, the necessary three-quarters of the states had ratified it.
Congress raised the Continental Army under the command of General George Washington, forged a military alliance with France and defeated the two main British invasion armies.
Congress Records was a record label founded in 1962 by Neil Galligan who headed Canadian-American Records and brought with him Linda Scott from that label.
Congress refused to pass the excise tax, but James Madison successfully steered the tariff increases through the legislature.
Congress renamed the building the Heinz Ahlmeyer, Jr. Post Office Building in 2005, in honor of a local soldier missing in action and presumed dead during the Vietnam War until that year, when his remains were identified.
Congress renewed its call to transfer the body to the Capitol in 1830, after an attempt to steal Washington's head in which the Mount Vernon tomb was vandalized and several of Washington's relatives' corpses desecrated in 1830, but the current owner of the property, John Washington, decided to build a new, more secure tomb on the site instead.
Congress Rental Network (CRN) is a worldwide network of technology meeting specialists, counting more than 40 members worldwide.
Congress repealed the act in its entirety in 1887.While evaluating the constitutionality of a similar law in Myers v. United States, the Supreme Court stated that the Tenure of Office Act was likely invalid.
Congress repealed the law in 1803.
Congress required satellite television carriers to carry all requesting local broadcast stations in the market where the carrier voluntarily decides to carry one local station in order to, in part, preserve a multiplicity of local broadcast outlets for over-the-air-viewers who do not subscribe either to satellite or cable service.
Congress responded and authorized the procurement of 3,251 aircraft.
Congress responded in 1924 and 1933 with compromise legislation to extinguish some aboriginal title and to establish procedures for determination and compensation.
Congress responded shortly thereafter by replacing the Marihuana Tax Act with the newly written Controlled Substances Act while continuing the prohibition of certain drugs in the United States.
Congress responded to public outrage by directing the House Committee on Mines and Mining to investigate the events.
Congress responded to the Court's decision by passing the Grain Futures Act in September 1922 based on the Commerce Clause.
Congress responded with the declaration on April 6.
Congress returned her to her owner in 1777.
Congress School District v. Warren was a court case that reached the Arizona Court of Appeals and was decided in 2011.
Congress (Secular), is a political party in Kerala, India, formed after the split in Nationalist Congress Party in Kerala.
Congress sessions are held in the form of interactive discussions, in which the most topical issues arising in the global banking and financial system are discussed.
Congress shaped the federal judiciary with the Judiciary Act of 1789 while Treasury Secretary Alexander Hamilton's economic policies fostered a strong central government.
Congress soon transferred the bulk of the joint committee's jurisdiction over civilian nuclear power to other standing congressional committees in the House and Senate.
Congress speakers include international and national standards setters, accounting organizations, accounting firms, regulators, and commerce groups.
Congress spent her last ten years of service as a receiving ship until ordered broken up in 1834.
Congress spokesperson Renuka Chowdhury supported the BJP Spokesperson's views on this subject.
Congress Square (Slovene: Kongresni trg) is one of the central squares in Ljubljana, the capital of Slovenia.
Congress Street Grounds is a former baseball ground located in Boston, Massachusetts.
Congress Street in Boston, Massachusetts, is located in the Financial District and South Boston.
Congress Street is a QLINE streetcar station in Detroit, Michigan.
Congress Street is the main street in Portland, Maine.
Congress stretches from Portland's southwestern border with South Portland through a number of neighborhoods before ending overlooking the Eastern Promenade on Munjoy Hill.
Congress submitted the amendment to the states on September 28, 1789.
Congress, TDP and TRS and BJP political parties are strong in this area.
Congress Terminal was a stub-end terminal on the "L" in downtown Chicago, Illinois.
Congress Terminal was built by the Chicago and South Side Rapid Transit Railroad and was one of Chicago's original 'L' stations.
Congress (the 3rd district was a plural district with two seats).
Congress then certifies the results in early January, and the presidential term begins on Inauguration Day, which since the passage of the Twentieth Amendment has been set at January 20.
Congress then passed the Trade Mark Act of 1881, which was based on the Commerce Clause power, and therefore passed constitutional muster.
Congress, through the Judiciary Act of 1789, specified the Court's original and appellate jurisdiction, created 13 judicial districts, and fixed the initial size of the Supreme Court at six members.
Congress typically reconvened in mid-November and adjourned before Christmas, so that the lame-duck session lasted about a month.
Congress veteran leader Virbhadra Singh took oath for record sixth term as next Chief Minister.
Congress was also mentioned in a United States Supreme Court decision concerning ballot access, Anderson v. Celebrezze, 460 U.S. 780 (1983).
Congress was broadly divided between a Pro-Administration faction supporting the policies of George Washington's administration and an Anti-Administration faction opposed to those policies.
Congress was built as the private fishing vessel Congress in 1914 at Gwynn, Virginia.
Congress was originally called Waynesburg, and under the latter name was laid out in 1827.
Congress was skeptical of the coalition, since the party was only allotted four seats by Laloo.
Congress WBN now has churches in more than 100 nations.
Congresswoman and presidential candidate Michele Bachmann has described Eidsmoe as "one of the professors who had a great influence on me", "a wonderful man", and "absolutely brilliant."
Congresswoman Jackie Speier, then serving as a California State Senator, is credited with securing the funding for CTX and one of the new locomotives acquired for the project is named for her as a result.
Congresswoman Kirsten Gillibrand ultimately replaced Clinton as the junior New York Senator.
Congresswoman Marcy Kaptur of Ohio and comedian John Oliver helped to remove the language blocking the enforcement of GIPSA in 2015.
Congresswoman Sheila Jackson Lee is the Chairperson of CBCF and A. Shuanise Washington is its president and chief executive officer.
Congress won 208 seats, and the Muslim League 73.
Congress won nine seats.
Congreve is a lunar impact crater that is located on the far side of the Moon relative to the Earth, and lies across the lunar equator.
Congreve rockets were also sometimes fitted with carcass heads.
Congrosoma evermanni, or the Evermann's conger, is a species of eel in the family Congridae.
Congrua (in full, Congrua Portio) is a canonical term to designate the lowest sum proper for the yearly income of a cleric.
Congruence bias is a type of cognitive bias similar to confirmation bias.
Congruence bias occurs due to people's overreliance on directly testing a given hypothesis as well as neglecting indirect testing.
Congruent melting occurs during melting of a compound when the composition of the liquid that forms is the same as the composition of the solid.
Congruent melting point represents a definite temperature just like the melting points of pure components.
Congruent merit is the equivalent of condign merit but applied to an unregenerated person by the goodness of God.
Congruent pairs occur when size and value correspond (e.g., large 5 small 3) while incongruent pairs occur when size and value are incompatible (e.g., large 3 small 5).
Congruous merit, owing to its inadequacy and the lack of intrinsic proportion between the service and the recompense, claims a reward only on the ground of equity.
Congstar GmbH is a mobile network operator headquartered in Cologne, Germany.
Congupna is a closed railway station on the Goulburn Valley railway line, in the township of Congupna, just north of Shepparton, Victoria, Australia.
Congwong Bay Beach, Little Congwong Beach, and the beach at Frenchmans Bay provide protected swimming areas in Botany Bay.
Congy is a commune in the Marne department in north-eastern France.
Con Hartnett (born 1951 in Millstreet, County Cork) is an Irish former sportsperson.
Con has six daughters, Roula, Toula, Soula, Voula, Foula and Agape.
Conhelo is a village and rural locality (municipality) in La Pampa Province in Argentina.
Conhydrine is a poisonous alkaloid found in poison hemlock (Conium maculatum) in small quantities.
Coniarthonia is a lichenized genus of fungi in the family Arthoniaceae.
Coniasaurus has only been described from incomplete specimens, but it is known to have had a relatively elongate skull with specialized teeth.
Coniasaurus is an extinct genus of Late Cretaceous marine squamates that range in age from Cenomanian to Santonian.
Coniastis is a genus of moths belonging to the family Tineidae.
Conical drums are a class of membranophone, or drum, that is characterized by sloping sides.
Conical measures are the most commonly used item of glassware used in the preparation of extemporaneous medicaments.
Conical mills are available in Ex- execution with a variety of sieves and impellers.
Conical mills come in a variety of sizes from tabletop lab models to full-size high-capacity machines for use in processing large quantities of material, and the impeller and screen can be customized for each individual use.
Conichnus is an ichnogenus of trace fossil.
Conicochyta is a genus of moths of the family Noctuidae.
Conicofrontia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
Conicophoria is a genus of moths of the family Noctuidae.
Conicosia is a genus of succulent plants in the ice plant family native to southern Africa.
Conicosia pugioniformis is a species of succulent plant in the ice plant family known by the common names narrow-leaved iceplant and pigroot.
Conicotheca nigrans is a species of benthic Foraminifera that was first identified from samples collected from the Challenger Deep in the Mariana Trench.
Conicville is an unincorporated community in Shenandoah County, in the U.S. state of Virginia.
Conidae (also previously referred to as Coninae), with the current common name of "cone snails," is a taxonomic family (previously subfamily) of predatory sea snails, marine gastropod molluscs in the superfamily Conoidea.
Conidae currently (March 2015) contains over 800 recognized species.
Conidens is a genus of clingfishes found in the Pacific Ocean.
Conidia are ellipsoid or fusoid (football-shaped).
Conidia are multi-celled with usually three darkly pigmented center cells and clear pointed end cells.
Conidia are produced on short simple conidiophores within the acervulus.
Conidial anastomosis tubes (CATs) are cells formed from the conidia (a type of fungal asexual spores) of many filamentous fungi.
Conidia of L. hormozganensis are larger than those of L. parva, albeit smaller than those of L. citricola.
Conidiation is a biological process in which filamentous fungi reproduce asexually from spores.
Conidiobolomycosis is a fungal disease.
Conidiobolus coronatus is a saprotrophic fungus, first described by Costantin in 1897 as Boudierella coronata.
Conidiobolus incongruus is a species of Conidiobolus.
Conidiobolus is a genus of fungi.
Conidiomata are blister-like fruiting structures produced by a specific type of fungus called a coelomycete.
Conidiotheca is a monotypic genus of fungi.
Coniella castaneicola is a plant pathogen.
Coniella diplodiella is a plant pathogen.
Coniella fragariae is a plant pathogen.
Coniella is a fungus genus in the family Melanconidaceae.
Coniel Norman (born September 24, 1953), also known as Connie Norman, is a retired American professional basketball player.
Conie-Molitard is a commune in the Eure-et-Loir department in northern France.
Coniesta araealis is a moth in the family Crambidae.
Coniesta ignefusalis is a moth in the family Crambidae.
Coniesta is a genus of moths of the family Crambidae.
Coniesta williami is a moth in the family Crambidae.
Conifer and her sister ships, commonly referred to as "one-eighties", served as the backbone of the Coast Guard's Aids to Navigation fleet for over 50 years before their replacement by the newer Juniper-class cutters.
Conifer Grove is a suburb of Auckland, in northern New Zealand.
Conifer High School is a secondary school in Conifer, an unincorporated town located in the foothills of Jefferson County, southwest of Denver, Colorado, United States.
Conifer is an unincorporated community in Jefferson County, in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania.
Conifer is located along U.S. Route 285 in the foothills west of Denver.
Conifer nuts are the edible seeds of conifers, which includes most notably pine nuts (family Pinaceae) and Araucaria nuts (family Araucariaceae).
Coniferous hosts are affected in late spring through early August, and trembling aspens and poplars from early summer to late fall.
Conifer plantations of the Rheola Forest surround the site.
Conifers and other gymnosperms lack flowers but may have two or more cotyledons in the seedling.
Conifers are of great economic value for softwood lumber and paper production.
Conifers have a greater interception capacity than hardwoods.
Conifers, like Ginkgo and cycads, produce microsporophylls, aggregated into pollen strobili.
Conifers of this family were common in the Carboniferous and in the Permian.
Conifers reoccurred in the Early Anisian, followed by the cycads and pteridosperms during the Late Anisian.
Coniferyl alcohol is an intermediate in biosynthesis of eugenol and of stilbenoids and coumarin.
Coniferyl alcohol is an organic compound.
Coniferyl aldehyde is a low molecular weight phenolic compound susceptible to be extracted from cork stoppers into wine.
Conigephyra is a genus of moths in the family Lymantriidae.
Conigliaro debuted with the Red Sox in 1964, and was selected to the MLB All-Star Game in the 1967 season.
Coniglio and his wife had two children, both of whom predeceased him.
Coniglio collaborated with Spano to present the film's East Coast premiere in Buffalo on June 25, 2018.
Coniglio, formerly a plumber, also served on the Senate Labor Committee and the Senate Budget & Appropriations Committee.
Coniglio's work has been compared to the verismo (realism) of Sicilian author Giovanni Verga.
CONI had appealed for Marzoli to be banned for life, because it was a second offense.
Conila is a district of the Peruvian Luya Province of the Amazonas Region.
Conila is said to be the last village where children are still able to speak it.
Conila offers several attractive places for tourists such as the ruins of the culture Chachapoya.
Con il cuore fermo Sicilia is a 1965 Italian documentary film directed by Gianfranco Mingozzi.
Conilepia is a genus of moths in the subfamily Arctiinae.
Conilhac-de-la-Montagne is a commune in the Aude department in southern France.
Conilithes is an extinct genus of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Conidae, the cone snails.
Conilurus capricornensis commonly known as Capricorn rabbit rat is an extinct species of rabbit rat (Conilurus).
Conima District is one of four districts of the province Moho in Peru.
Conimex is a brand of Asian food, which offers a complete wide range of Indonesian products to prepare Indonesian dishes packed in yellow labeled packages.
Conimex products are exported to more than 20 countries.
Conimicut is a community located in Kent County, Rhode Island.
Conimicut Light, built in 1883, is a historic sparkplug lighthouse in Warwick, Rhode Island.
Conimicut Lighthouse was automated in the 1960s and was one of the last acetylene gas powered lights to switch to electricity.
Coninae, or as it is more recently (February 2015) represented as a family, Conidae, common names the cone snails, cone shells or cones, is a taxonomic group of small to large predatory sea snails with cone-shaped shells, marine gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Conoidea.
Coningham commanded Air Headquarters Western Desert.
Coningham's early sources include the Martyrology of Tallaght and the Martyrology of Gorman.
Coningsby had already been created Baron Coningsby, of Clanbrassil, in the Peerage of Ireland in 1693, with normal remainder to heirs male, and Baron Coningsby in the Peerage of Great Britain in 1716, with similar remainder as for the earldom.
Coningsby Hospital is a collection of Almshouses in Hereford, Herefordshire.
Coningsby married Lettice Loftus, eldest daughter of Sir Arthur Loftus of Rathfarnham, Ireland.
Coningsby, or The New Generation, is an English political novel by Benjamin Disraeli, published in 1844.
Coningsby railway station was a station in Coningsby, Lincolnshire on the line between Lincoln and Firsby.
Coningsby was the eldest son of Fitzwilliam Conningsby, of Hampton Court, Herefordshire, and Cicely Nevill, daughter of Henry Nevill, 9th Baron Bergavenny.
Conington is a village and civil parish in Cambridgeshire, England.
Conington lies about 10 km (6.2 miles) south of Peterborough and 3 km (1.9 miles) north of Sawtry.
Conington lies within Huntingdonshire, which is a non-metropolitan district of Cambridgeshire and one of the historic county of England.
Conington Prize is awarded annually by the University of Oxford.
Coninx (born 28 January 1994) is a French triathlete.
Coniobrevicolla is a fungal genus in the family Trichosphaeriaceae.
Coniochaetaceae is a fungal family in the order Coniochaetales.
Coniochaeta hoffmannii, also known as Lecythophora hoffmannii, is an ascomycete fungus that grows commonly in soil.
Coniogenes is a genus of moth in the family Blastobasidae.
Coniolepiota is a fungal genus in the family Agaricaceae.
Coniophanes is a genus of colubrid snakes, typically referred to as black-striped snakes, but they also have many other common names.
Coniophora elegans is a species of fungi within the Coniophoraceae family.
Coniophoropsis is a fungal genus in the family Coniophoraceae.
Coniopterygoidea is a lacewing superfamily in the suborder Hemerobiiformia.
Conioscinella elegans is a species of eye flies in the genus of Conioscinella.
Conioscinella is a genus of fly in the family Chloropidae.
Conioscyphascus is a fungal genus in the Sordariomycetes class (subclass Sordariomycetidae) of the Ascomycota.
Conioselinum is a genus of flowering plant in the Apiaceae family, native to Eurasia and North America.
Conioselinum scopulorum, also commonly known as Rocky Mountain hemlockparsley or hemlock parsley, is a perennial herb found in parts of the Rocky Mountains from southern Montana to Arizona and New Mexico.
Coniostola is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Olethreutinae of the family Tortricidae.
Coniothecium chomatosporum is an ascomycete fungus that is a plant pathogen.
Coniothecium is an ascomycete fungus genus.
Coniothyrium celtidis-australis is a species of fungus in the family Leptosphaeriaceae.
Coniothyrium henriquesii is a plant pathogen.
Coniothyrium is a genus of fungi in the family Phaeosphaeriaceae.
Coniothyrium rosarum is a species of fungus in the family Leptosphaeriaceae.
Coniothyrium wernsdorffiae is a plant pathogen that causes brand canker on rose.
Conisania is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
Conisania poelli is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family.
Conisborough College has entered into a partnership with Colfe's School, an independent school located in Horn Park.
Conisborough College is a coeducational community secondary school, located in the Catford area of the London Borough of Lewisham, England.
Conishead Priory is a large Gothic Revival building on the Furness peninsula near Ulverston in Cumbria.
Conisteriums were also found in palaestras.
Coniston Bluebird (foaled 2005 in Australia) is a thoroughbred racehorse who won the 2009 New Zealand Derby.
Coniston Bluebird's first run after the New Zealand Derby was an eighth in the Rosehill Guineas, which was followed by a 12th placing in the AJC Australian Derby.
Coniston Bluebird underwent successful surgery and stem-cell treatment and returned to the racetrack in September 2010.
Coniston Co-operative Society Limited is a small consumer co-operative in Furness, Cumbria.
Conistone is a small village (population 117 in the 2001 census) in North Yorkshire, England.
Conistone with Kilnsey is a civil parish in Wharfedale in the district of Craven, North Yorkshire, England.
Coniston has a variety of businesses including The Coniston Hotel, formally Gilmore's Hotel, a bakery, 24 Hour petrol station and several other specialty stores.
Coniston has long been serviced with its own Bulk Billing Medical Center.
Coniston is a 1906 best-selling novel by American writer Winston Churchill.
Coniston is also bordered to the west by the hill suburbs of Mangerton and Mount Saint Thomas.
Coniston is an intercity train station located in Coniston, New South Wales, Australia, on the South Coast railway line.
Coniston is a suburb of Wollongong in New South Wales.
Coniston railway station was the northern terminus of a branch line in Cumbria, England.
Coniston was also a political novel, and the successor draws from Churchill's own unsuccessful run for Governor of New Hampshire in 1906.Though the book was perhaps not as praised as Coniston, it was generally well-received and popular.
Conistorgis was the main city of the Conii or Cynetes.
Conistra is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
Conistra takasago is a moth of the Noctuidae family.
Conium maculatum, the hemlock or poison hemlock, is a highly poisonous biennial herbaceous flowering plant in the carrot family Apiaceae, native to Europe and North Africa.
Conivaptan has not been approved by the FDA for the treatment of decompensated congestive heart failure.
Conix Architects designed a renovation and expansion for the Atomium in Belgium, a structure originally built for the 1958 World's Fair in Brussels.
Conix believes intuition should play a large role in architectural design, and believes in sustainability, and sees no significant difference between men and women today in the field of architecture.
Conization may be used either for diagnostic purposes as part of a biopsy, or for therapeutic purposes to remove pre-cancerous cells.
Conization of the cervix is a common treatment for dysplasia following abnormal results from a pap smear.
Conizonia albolineata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Conizonia anularis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Conizonia aresteni is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Conizonia bodoani is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Conizonia fausti is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Conizonia guerinii is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Conizonia kalashiani is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Conizonia mounai is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Conizonia simia is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Conizonia warnieri is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Conjectura glabella is a species of small sea snail or micromollusc, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Crosseolidae.
Conjectura is a genus of very small sea snails or micromolluscs, marine gastropod molluscs in the family Crosseolidae.
Conjectural emendation must be clearly indicated in the critical apparatus or in the text itself.
Conjecturally descended from an Anglo-Norman noble, Ive or Ive Taillebois, who held large portions of Northern Lancashire and that part of West Morland that came under the Barony of Kendall.
Conjecture (conjectural emendation) is a critical reconstruction of the original reading of a clearly corrupt, contaminated, nonsensical or illegible textual fragment.
Conjecture is far from being just an educated guess and it takes an experienced expert with a broad knowledge of the author of the text, period, language and style of the time.
Conjecture is one of the techniques of textual criticism used by philologists while commenting on or preparing editions of manuscripts (e.g. biblical or other ancient texts usually transmitted in medieval copies).
Conjecture requires a close study of the text in its cultural and historical context and must be preceded with a thorough analysis of all extant versions and readings of the given fragment.
Conjectures such as the Riemann hypothesis (still a conjecture) or Fermat's Last Theorem (which was a conjecture until proven in 1995 by Andrew Wiles) have shaped much of mathematical history as new areas of mathematics are developed in order to prove them.
Conjestina is the fifth born in a family of ten.
Conjola is a small town situated on the South Coast of New South Wales, Australia.
Con Jones Park was a sports facility located in East Vancouver that was mainly used for soccer.
ConJose was co-chaired by Tom Whitmore and Kevin Standlee and organized under the auspices of San Francisco Science Fiction Conventions.
Conjuboy is a remote locality in the Shire of Etheridge, Queensland, Australia.
Conjugal love refers to love in a conjugal relationship, that is, in a marriage, since the word "conjugal" is defined as related to the relationship between married partners.
Conjugal Love was written in the original Italian (L'amore conjugale), by Alberto Moravia in 1947.
Conjugal means there is a marriage relationship.
Conjugal Rites is a play by the actor and playwright Roger Hall.
Conjugal visits usually take place in designated rooms or a structure provided for that purpose, such as a trailer or a small cabin.
Conjugata elegans is a species of green algae in the family Zygnemataceae.
Conjugate coding is a cryptographic tool, introduced by Stephen Wiesner in the 1960s.
Conjugated estrogens/medroxyprogesterone acetate (CEs/MPA), sold under the brand names Prempro and Premphase, is a combination product of conjugated estrogens (Premarin), an estrogen, and medroxyprogesterone acetate (Provera), a progestogen, which is used in menopausal hormone therapy for the treatment of menopausal symptoms.
Conjugated fatty acids are polyunsaturated fatty acids in which at least one pair of double bonds are separated by only one single bond.
Conjugated linoleic acids (CLA) are a family of at least 28 isomers of linoleic acid found mostly in the meat and dairy products derived from ruminants.
Conjugated polymers are widely used as optically-pumped organic semiconductors.
Conjugated proteins are classified on the basis of the chemical nature of their prosthetic groups.
Conjugated to a lipid, the compound is designed to release cidofovir intracellularly, allowing for higher intracellular and lower plasma concentrations of cidofovir, effectively increasing its activity against dsDNA viruses, as well as oral bioavailability.
Conjugated, unsaturated compounds reduce PMA to molybdenum blue.
Conjugate gaze palsies are neurological disorders affecting the ability to move both eyes in the same direction.
Conjugation can be induced in low-nitrogen culture.
Conjunct Consulting has student chapters in three universities in Singapore.
Conjunct Consulting is a Singapore-based nonprofit organization which offers pro bono management consulting services to other nonprofits and social enterprises in the areas of financial sustainability, human capital development, operations management, impact assessment and strategic planning.
Conjunctio is an extinct genus of dissorophid temnospondyl amphibian from the Early Permian of New Mexico.
Conjunctive archeology is a method of studying of the past developed by Walter Taylor in the 1940s that combined elements of both traditional archeology and the allied field of anthropology.
Conjunctive tasks are a part of Steiner's taxonomy of group tasks.
Conjunctive tasks are not finished until all members of the group have completed their portion of the task.
Conjunctive tasks can be completed only with the effort and contribution of all group members.
Conjunctive tasks fall into the latter category of coordination problems in groups.
Conjunctivitis, also known as pink eye, is inflammation of the outermost layer of the white part of the eye and the inner surface of the eyelid.
Conjunctivitis and subconjunctival hemorrhage are two of the less serious but more common causes.
Conjunctivitis can affect one or both eyes.
Conjunctivitis in a newborn, known as neonatal conjunctivitis, may also require specific treatment.
Conjunctivochalasis is a common eye surface condition characterized by the presence of excess folds of the conjunctiva located between the globe of the eye and the eyelid margin.
Conjuration is the fourth EP by Polish extreme metal band Behemoth.
Conjure and Command is a fourth studio album released by American thrash metal band Toxic Holocaust, released on July 19, 2011.
Conjurer is a 2008 supernatural horror film directed by Clint Hutchison and written by Hutchison and David Yarbrough.
Conjurer's Field Archeological Site is a historic archeological site located at Colonial Heights, Virginia.
Conjurers Lodge is a former Methodist chapel and workshop on the Isle of Portland, Dorset, England.
Conjurer's Neck Archeological District is a set of two historic archeological sites and national historic district located at Colonial Heights, Virginia.
Conjuring 2 is a 2016 American supernatural horror film, directed by James Wan.
Conjuring Creek is a stream in Alberta, Canada.
Conjuring Creek was named in complement to Wizard Lake in its headwaters.
Conjuring is a 2013 American supernatural horror film directed by James Wan and written by Chad Hayes and Carey W. Hayes.
Conjuring is an American horror film series mainly produced by New Line Cinema, The Safran Company and Atomic Monster Productions, and distributed by Warner Bros. Pictures.
Conjuring the Dead is the tenth studio album by the Austrian blackened death metal band Belphegor.
Conjuring was released in the United States and Canada on July 19, 2013, and received positive reviews from critics.
Conjuring with Plants V. Juggling with Animal Life VI.
Con Kafataris is an Australian bookmaker.
Conker is a series of platform video games created by Rare.
Conker is voiced by Chris Seavor in Conker's Bad Fur Day, Conker: Live & Reloaded and Project Spark.
Conker: Live & Reloaded is a platform video game developed by Rare and exclusively released for the Xbox in June 2005.
Conkeror is a Mozilla-based web browser designed to be navigated primarily by a computer keyboard.
Conkeror is released under the same set of free software licenses as Mozilla: the GNU General Public License, the GNU Lesser General Public License, and the Mozilla Public License.
Conker's Bad Fur Day is a platformer video game developed by Rare and released for the Nintendo 64 console in 2001.
Conker's Pocket Tales is a platform video game developed and published by Rare and released on June 8, 1999 for the Game Boy Color.
Conker the Squirrel is an anthropomorphic squirrel starring in various video games.
Conkey was one of the founders of the Boston baseball club and succeeded Ivers Whitney Adams as club president after the team's first season due to Adams' business conflicts.
Conkey was succeeded as team president by Charles Porter in 1873.
Conkie sat at a desk in front of a big map of Canada, and provided historical, geographical, and social information about the country.
Conkle Lake Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada, located west of the confluence of the Kettle and West Kettle Rivers.
Conkles Hollow State Nature Preserve is a deep, cool gorge, which is only 100 feet wide in places and is considered by some to be the deepest in Ohio.
Conklin also made Notes from Under the Volcano about John Huston's making of the film Under the Volcano.
Conklin (DE-439) was named in honor George Emerson Conklin who was posthumously awarded the Navy Cross for his brave actions on Guadalcanal.
Conklin did not know how to contact Martin Pearson, and used an advertisement in Astounding Science Fiction to find him to pay the royalty.
Conkling also serves as an alternate commissioner of the Roosevelt Campobello International Park, and is on the Maine state board of the Conservation Law Foundation.
Conkling is an unincorporated community located in Owsley County, Kentucky, United States.
Conklin Hill is a mountain located in the Catskill Mountains of New York east-northeast of Downsville.
Conklin Hill is located northeast, and Prospect Hill is located north-northwest of Renard Hill.
Conklin Hill is located south, and Renard Hill is located southwest of Bryden Hill.
Conklin Hill is located southeast, and Brace Hill is located southwest of Prospect Hill.
Conklin is an unincorporated community in western Webster County, in the U.S. state of Missouri.
Conklin is a Rush Township resident and has been married to his wife, Terri, since 1984.
Conklin is a surname of Irish origin Spelling variations include Concklin, Conkling, Conckeleyne, Coughlin, Couglin and others.
Conklin is a town in Broome County, New York, United States.
Conklin is located on Missouri Route 38 about six miles northwest of Marshfield.
Conklin Mountain House is a historic home located at Olean in Cattaraugus County, New York.
Conklin returned to creating art full-time in 1990.
Conklin then ran unsuccessfully for OHA trustee in November 2000, placing 4th out of 20 candidates for one "at large" seat.
Conklin Town Hall, also known as Alpheus Corby Residence and The Castle, is a historic town hall located at Conklin in Broome County, New York.
Conklin was born in Englewood Cliffs, New Jersey in 1941.
Con Kolivas is an Australian anesthetist.
Conks were often styled as large pompadours although other men chose to simply slick their straightened hair back, allowing it to lie flat on their heads.
Conky is a free software desktop infotainment system monitor for the X Window System.
Conky is highly configurable and is able to monitor many system variables including the status of the CPU, memory, swap space, disk storage, temperatures, processes, network interfaces, battery power, system messages, e-mail inboxes, Arch Linux updates, many popular music players (MPD, XMMS2, BMPx, Audacious, etc.), weather updates, breaking news, and much more.
Conky was hailed as "one of the best maintained, and definitely one of the most useful, programs in the world of open source" in Linux Magazine.
Conlan has also done work for the online version of The Sun, the most-read daily newspaper in the United Kingdom.
Conlan kicked 10 goals in one game against Footscray in 1984.After retirement he went on to coach Sandringham Football Club in the Victorian Football Association.
Conlan Press is an American publishing company that markets a variety of fantasy books, art books, and graphic novels.
Conlan Press was previously located in Montara, California, and is currently based in Bellingham, Washington.
Conlan was an All-Ireland runner-up on one occasion.
Conlan, who came to Richmond from Nandaly, made six appearances at VFL level.
Conlee (a variant of Conley) is a surname of Irish origin.
Conlee's version charted at number two on Hot Country Songs.
Conlee's version of the song was the first credit for session guitarist Brent Rowan, who soon became the only guitarist that Conlee used under the production of Bud Logan.
Conlee wrote the song with George Baber.
Conlephasma enigma is a wingless, ground-dwelling species of stick insect in the genus Conlephasma, and is found on Mount Halcon, on the Philippine island of Mindoro.
Conleth Davey is a Northern Irish retired football center forward who played in the North American Soccer League for Toronto Metros.
Conleth's Reformatory School was a reformatory in Daingean, County Offaly.
Conley and Hayes originally began working together when they co-wrote and co- produced the track "Crush (1980 Me)" for Hayes' 2002 debut solo album, Spin.
Conley-Caraballo High School (CCHS), formerly El Rancho Verde High School, is a public 9-12 continuation high school in south Hayward, California, United States.
Conley created the lead female role in Kenneth MacMillan's Valley of Shadows.
Conley danced Empress Elisabeth in the 1983 New York City premiere of MacMillan's Mayerling.
Conley defeated lawyer Michael Cone in the primary election on June 16, following a recount, by a margin of 1,058 votes.
Conley formed Consonant in 2001, along with guitarist Chris Brokaw, bassist Winston Braman, and drummer Matt Kadane (previously of Bedhead).
Conley index theory formed the basis for development of Floer homology.
Conley is a census-designated place (CDP) in Clayton County, Georgia, United States.
Conley is the son of Mike Conley Sr., an Olympic gold and silver medalist in the triple jump.
Conley joined the PGA Tour in 1993, earning his card through qualifying school.
Conley played for the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Indianapolis Colts in his three-year NFL career.
Conley Ralph "Con" Bunde (born August 4, 1938) was an American educator and politician.
Conley ran for the 2013 Boston mayoral election to replace Thomas Menino and lost, garnering only 11% of the vote.
Conley Run is a stream in the U.S. state of West Virginia.
Conley Run most likely was named after Darby Connolly, a settler who was killed by Indians.
Conley's eighteen Billboard Number One country singles during the 1980s marked the most Number One hits by any artist in any genre during that decade except for Alabama and Ronnie Milsap.
Conley's most recent work with Hayes can be found on the 2011 album Secret Codes and Battleships where he is credited as a co-writer and co-producer on several songs.
Conley's theory is related to Morse theory, which describes the topological structure of a closed manifold by means of a nondegenerate gradient vector field.
Conley Township is one of thirty-seven townships in Holt County, Nebraska, United States.
Conleyus defodio is a species of crab, the only species in the genus Conleyus and the family Conleyidae.
Conley v. Gibson, 355 U.S. 41 (1957), was a case decided by the Supreme Court of the United States that provided a basis for a broad reading of the "short plain statement" requirement for pleading under Rule 8 of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure.
Conley was a member of the 1987 and 1989 Miami Hurricanes National Championship team.
Conley was born in 1940 to Konrad Bates Krauskopf and Kathryn McCune Krauskopf.
Conley was born in Doylestown, Pennsylvania.
Conley was born on 24 October 1943 in Hatfield, England.
Conlie is a commune in the Sarthe department in the Pays de la Loire region in north-western France.
Conlig railway station was on the Belfast and County Down Railway which ran from Belfast to Donaghadee in Northern Ireland.
Conli is an American film producer and voice actor.
Conlin claims that the initial impetus for the bank's creation came about as a result of the Young Turk Revolution.
Conlin had a home in the 1920s at Mora, overlooking the beach and ocean, until it burned in the 1930s leaving no trace as of 1967.
Conlin McCabe (born August 20, 1990) is a Canadian rower.
Conlin's Furniture is a regional furniture chain of 16 stores, located in five US states.
Conlin's is headquartered in Billings, Montana, and its main distribution center is located in Bismarck, North Dakota.
Conlogue suffered a major ankle injury while freesurfing before her heat at the Rip Curl Pro Bells Beach in Australia.
Conlon began his career in the youth set-up at Stoke City, later joining the youth academies at Newcastle Town and Peterborough United respectively.
Conlon has also worked at ABC 891 where notably his former colleague John Kenneally was his producer.
Conlon has had a life-long interest in South Australian history, and in December 2017 he was appointed to a 3-year term as chair of the South Australian Heritage Council, an independent advisory body on heritage matters to the Minister for Sustainability, Environment and Conservation, and the Minister for Planning.
Conlon-McKenna was born in Dublin and raised in Goatstown.
Conlon played for the Seattle SuperSonics, the Sacramento Kings, the Charlotte Hornets, the Washington Bullets, the Milwaukee Bucks, the Boston Celtics, the Miami Heat, and the Los Angeles Clippers.
Conlon previously presented talk radio station 5AA's breakfast program with Jane Reilly, and formerly with Jon Blake, John Kenneally and Tony Pilkington.
Conlon rejoined the group in 2013 as part of the ITV2 series The Big Reunion.
Conlon's career started with Queens Park Rangers but he moved to Manchester City before he had played a game.
Conlon started his basketball career at Archbishop Stepinac High School in White Plains, New York.
Conlon strongly believed that there was a need for a membership organization linking nationalists in Northern Ireland.
Conlon was the most senior Labor Left figure in the Labor cabinet until April 2010 when he became unaligned.
Conlyde Luchanga is a Zambian professional footballer who plays as a forward.
Conly Leroy Rieder is a cancer researcher, focused in the field of mitotic cellular division.
Con Maffie (September 9, 1903 - July 22, 1977) was an American organist who was most successful on radio.
Con man Douglas Blake played by Anne Haddy's real-life husband James Condon made his first appearance in September.
Conman in Tokyo is a 2000 Hong Kong action comedy film directed by Ching Siu-tung and starring Louis Koo, Nick Cheung, Athena Chu and Christy Chung.
Con Man is an American comedy web series created, written, directed by, and starring Alan Tudyk.
Conmany B. Wesseh Sr currently Minister of State without Portfolio Amos Sawyer, who served as President of the Interim Government of National Unity (IGNU) in 1990-94, and Kukoi Samba Sanyang, a Gambian revolutionary who had been one of the leaders of a coup attempt in Banjul in 1981.
CONMEBOL countries have hosted the finals five times.
CONMEBOL did not recognize this competition.
CONMEBOL member Argentina qualified automatically as reigning World Cup champions.
CONMEBOL organized the tournament and invited three North American clubs which were the best three of the CONCACAF Champions' Cup 2007; the fourth North American club was the defending champion Pachuca.
Conmee is a township in the Canadian province of Ontario, located within the Thunder Bay District.
Conmore killed the boy because he hated Christianity.
Conmurra is a locality located within the Naracoorte Lucindale Council in the Limestone Coast region of South Australia.
Connacht and Ulster once again decided not to field teams.
Connacht colleges senior football "A" championship, is the top level gaelic football competition for secondary schools in Connacht.
Connacht Cricket Union, the youngest, smallest and weakest provincial union, do not enter teams in their own right, but County Galway C.C. enters as a member club in Munster.
Connacht Railway Cup or Midland Great Western Railway Cup was a Gaelic football competition organized by the Connacht GAA.
Connacht Senior Cup is an association football cup competition organized by the Connacht Football Association.
Connacht Senior Football Championship was the 115th installment of the annual Connacht Senior Football Championship held under the auspices of Connacht GAA.
Connacht Senior Football Championship will be the 117th installment of the annual Connacht Senior Football Championship held under the auspices of Connacht GAA.
Connacht SFC semi-final against Leitrim, the then manager of Galway, Peter Forde, heaped praise on Doherty after he left Leitrim fans reeling after Donal Brennan's shot was stopped by the outstretched hands of Doherty.
Connacht Tribune Group newspapers are circulated in every district of the City and every town and village in the County.
Connacht were the defending champions.
Connacht were the reigning football champions whilst Leinster were the reigning hurling champions.
Connacht were the reigning football champions whilst Leinster were the reigning hurling champions from 2014.
Connac is a commune in the Aveyron department in southern France.
Connagan (died 849) was Abbot and Bishop of Clonfert, Ireland.
Connaghan played in Celtic's 1974 Scottish Cup Final winning side.
Connaghan spent seven seasons at St Mirren playing over 100 league games.
Connagnostus is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods, the trilobites.
Connah's Quay F.C. was a Welsh football team.
Connah's Quay Ponds and Woodland is a Site of Special Scientific Interest in the preserved county of Clwyd, north Wales.
Connah's Quay railway station was a railway station located to the north of Connah's Quay, Flintshire, Wales on the south bank of the canalized section of the River Dee.
Connah's Quay & Shotton F.C. was a Welsh football team based at Connah's Quay in Flintshire.
Connaigre was also called Great Harbor in the 1763 census, with 5 inhabitants and twenty-eight servants recorded.
Connaigre was a small fishing community located on the southern tip of the Connaigre Peninsula of the south coast of the Island of Newfoundland in the Canadian province of Newfoundland and Labrador.
Connaigre was listed as Cap Negre (Cape Negro) in the Census of French Population and Agriculture, 1686 with a total population of seventy-two.
Connal Joe Trueman (born 26 March 1996) is an English footballer who plays for Championship club Birmingham City.
Connall (born 8 June 1912, date of death unknown) was a British athlete.
Connall Courtney (born Newry, County Down, Northern Ireland) is a Motorcycle Racer.
Connally also announced that Jeno Paulucci, a frozen food distributor who had been closely involved as a fundraiser for Hubert H. Humphrey in his presidential bids, would serve as head of a group encouraging independent voters to choose Nixon.
Connally Edozien (born 26 June 1978 in Lagos) is a Nigerian soccer player who currently without a club.
Connally had six more pinch-hit appearances that year, as well as one start at third base, but didn't get his first major league hit until his final at-bat of the year, October 2 against the Cardinals, when he was again called upon to pinch-hit for Grant.
Connally High School is a public high school located in Waco, Texas, United States and classified as a 4A school by the UIL.
Connally Independent School District is a public school district based in the northernmost part of Waco, Texas (USA).
Connally insisted that "it is in the best interests of this country that the president be re-elected this year".
Connally played for the St. Louis Maroons in 1886.
Connally retired after the 1985 season.
Connally's first two major league home runs were notably grand slams.
Connally spent 1984 with the Las Vegas Stars, the Padres' AAA affiliate, before being traded February 7, 1985 to the Orioles for Vic Rodriguez.
Connally stated that he was troubled by Senator George McGovern's campaign and felt that the Democratic party "is becoming an ideological machine closed to millions who have been the party's most loyal and steadfast members" under McGovern's leadership.
Connally swept all 254 counties in his massive landslide reelection victory and was sworn in for his second term on January 26, 1965.
Connally v. General Construction Co., 269 U.S. 385 (1926), was a United States Supreme Court case in which the Court expanded and established key constructs of the Fifth Amendment's due process doctrine.
Connally, who was serving as the United States Secretary of the Treasury, announced that he would be supporting Nixon for re-election and would spend his time until the elections working on behalf of the incumbent.
Connally worked his way through the minors for four seasons, getting a late-season call-up to the Cubs in 1983.
Connal McInerney is an Australian rugby union player who plays for the Brumbies in the Super Rugby competition.
Conn and two other brothers, Hugh Boy and Donal also defected bringing with them as many as a thousand warriors by some estimates.
Connangles is a commune in the Haute-Loire department in south-central France.
Connan Keith Barrell (born 15 April 1967) is a former New Zealand rugby union player.
Connan Tant Hosford, better known by the stage name Connan Mockasin, is a New Zealand singer, songwriter, multi-instrumentalist and record producer, hailing from Te Awanga.
Connantray-Vaurefroy is a commune in the Marne department in north-eastern France.
Connantre is a commune in the Marne department in north-eastern France.
Connaraceae is a pan-tropical plant family of 19 genera and more than 180 species of largely evergreen trees, woody shrubs and climbers.
Connard rose from humble origins to become an eminent artist in oils and watercolors whose commissions brought him royal recognition.
Connare "thought that would be a great name for a font that launches words across the Internet".
Connarus is a genus of plants in the family Connaraceae.
Connarus monocarpus (Indian zebrawood) is a species of plant in the family Connaraceae.
Connation in plants is the developmental fusion of organs of the same type, for example, petals to one another to form a tubular corolla.
Connaught Barracks, Dover was a military installation at Dover in Kent.
Connaught Battery is a World War I era harbor defense battery located north of York Redoubt at Ferguson's Cove, Nova Scotia, Canada.
Connaught Bridge Power Station is a combined cycle (2 gas turbines and 1 steam turbine) and open cycle ( 4 gas turbines) power station located near Kampong Java in Klang, Selangor, Malaysia.
Connaught Engineering, often referred to simply as Connaught, was a Formula One and sports car constructor from the United Kingdom.
Connaught Hall is a fully catered hall of residence owned by the University of London and situated on Tavistock Square, Bloomsbury, London, UK.
Connaught Hospital is a hospital located in Sierra Leone.
Connaught Hospital was opened in 1912 by the Duke of Connaught, Prince Arthur.
Connaught Marshner, executive vice-president of the Free Congress Research and Education Foundation, said: They're not on our team because they don't have the same agenda.
Connaughton attended Bristol Old Vic Theater School and has worked as a theater and film actor, appearing in Coronation Street, Mike Leigh's Four Days in July, Neil Jordan's The Miracle, and The Playboys, among other roles.
Connaughton became the Secretary of Transportation in the Cabinet of Governor Bob McDonnell in January 2010.
Connaughton is currently the President and CEO of Nautilus Data Technologies, the first company to deploy a waterborne data center.
Connaughton's books A Border Station (1989) and The Run of the Country (1991) are also set in the village.
Connaughton served as Chairman of the Prince William Board of County Supervisors from January 1, 2000 until his appointment as Maritime Administrator.
Connaughton served as chairman of the White House Council on Environmental Quality and Director of the White House Office of Environmental Policy from 2001 to 2009.
Connaughton was a candidate for Massachusetts Auditor in 2010.
Connaught Park, later known as Hippodrome d'Aylmer, was a thoroughbred, steeplechase and harness racing track, later having a casino and live betting parlor, located in the Aylmer, Quebec district of Gatineau, Quebec, Canada, near Ottawa, Ontario, Canada from 1913 until 2009.
Connaught Place is one of the largest financial, commercial and business centers in New Delhi, India.
Connaught plc was a company in the United Kingdom, operating in the social housing, public sector and compliance markets and was a constituent of the FTSE 250 Index.
Connaught Road is a major thoroughfare on the north shore of Hong Kong Island, Hong Kong.
Connaught Road was a railway station in east London that was opened by the London & St. Katharine Docks Company on 3 August 1880.
Connaught Road was sparingly used by passenger services, which ceased from 8 September 1940 after destructive wartime bombing, and the goods line was closed with the closure of the Royal Docks.
Connaught School for Girls is a single-sex girls' secondary school and comprehensive school situated in Leytonstone, London.
Connaught was the second ship of this name operated by the line.
Connaux is a commune in the Gard department in southern France.
Conn became president of Lee University in 1986.
Conn booked The King Bees for a wedding anniversary party, but with loud RnB on the setlist, Conn stopped the gig after only 10 minutes.
Conn came up with some ideas of his own for the song, they improvised and the song came together.
Conn chased the boar for days until a lake appeared.
Conn cites Shakespeare for his love of this comedic tragedy.
Conn died in 2013, and was buried in Burren, County Down.
Conneaut Area Senior High School is a public high school in Northwest Linesville, Pennsylvania.
Conneaut High School is a public high school in Conneaut, Ohio in the United States.
Conneaut High School is in the Northeastern Conference and is classified as a Division-2 school for most sports.
Conneaut Lake High School was part of the Conneaut School District located in Conneaut Lake, Pennsylvania.
Conneaut Lake is a borough in Crawford County, Pennsylvania, United States, located at the southern end of the lake of the same name.
Conneaut Lake is Pennsylvania's largest natural (glacier) lake and is a popular summer resort for recreational boaters due to there being no horsepower limit on the lake.
Conneaut Lake Park is a summer resort and amusement park, located in Conneaut Lake, Pennsylvania, United States.
Conneaut Lakeshore is a census-designated place (CDP) in Crawford County, Pennsylvania, United States.
Conneaut Township is a township in Crawford County, Pennsylvania, United States.
Conneaut Township is a township in Erie County, Pennsylvania, United States.
Conneautville is a borough in Crawford County, Pennsylvania, along Conneaut Creek.
Connec+ipedia, spoken as Connectipedia, was a free culture wiki website providing a community-editable resource about non-profit organizations and foundations in the U.S. state of Oregon.
Conne competed at both the 2002 and 2006 Winter Olympics with the Switzerland men's national ice hockey team.
Connect2 is a five-year project run by Sustrans beginning in 2006 to develop new walking and cycle routes in 79 communities around the UK.
Connect2Wiltshire also now operate bus routes 101/102/103 (Devizes to Pewsey) which are ordinary bus routes and do not have to be pre booked.
Connect2Wiltshire is a demand responsive transport network in southern Wiltshire operating in many places including Calne, Kennet Valley, Mere, the Vale of Pewsey, Wootton Bassett, Malmesbury and the Woodford & Wylye Valleys.
Connect360 is a shareware application for Mac OS X, developed by Nullriver Software.
Connect4Climate is a global partnership program under the Communication for Climate Change Multi-Donor Trust Fund of the World Bank Group.
Connect 4x4 (spoken as Connect Four by Four) is a three-dimensional-thinking strategy game first released in 2009 by Milton Bradley.
CONNECT, an onsite research center, helps link educators and researchers to explore ideas about teaching, learning, and child development.
Connectbeam sells into the global enterprise market, and has been recognized for innovation by Gartner, InformationWeek, eContent and KMWorld.
Connectbeam was founded by Puneet Gupta in December 2005.
ConnectBot is an open source Secure Shell client for the Android operating system.
Connect Broadband credited for pioneering broadband services in Punjab, is predominantly active in Chandigarh, Mohali and Panchkula.
Connect Broadband is an Indian broadband and fixed line service provider, established in year 2000.
Connect Business Information Network, formerly known as MacNET, was a proprietary dial-up online network with a graphic user interface similar to AppleLink.
Connect Ed also worked with Polytechnic University in Brooklyn and Pacific Oaks College in Pasadena, California.
Connected and Respected is a collaborative studio album by Vallejo, California rappers/cousins E-40 and B-Legit of The Click.
Connected AppleTalk-equipped systems automatically assign addresses, update the distributed namespace, and configure any required inter-networking routing.
Connected At The Hit Productions.
Connected by a hyphen is a one-story, single-cell wing probably built in the 1840s.
Connected by a Segregated Bicycle Path to the edge of Chepstow.
Connected by bridge to the rest of the city, it retains much of its nineteenth-century architecture and landscape, and most of the neighborhood is now a historic district on the National Register of Historic Places.
Connected by the D516 highway, it is the southernmost settlement in mainland Croatia.
Connected-component labeling (alternatively connected-component analysis, blob extraction, region labeling, blob discovery, or region extraction) is an algorithmic application of graph theory, where subsets of connected components are uniquely labeled based on a given heuristic.
Connected-component labeling is not to be confused with segmentation.
Connected-component labeling is used in computer vision to detect connected regions in binary digital images, although color images and data with higher dimensionality can also be processed.
Connected Data Objects (CDO) is a free implementation of a Distributed Shared Model on top of the Eclipse Modeling Framework (EMF).
Connected Device Configuration (CDC) is a specification of a framework for Java ME applications describing the basic set of libraries and virtual-machine features that must be present in an implementation.
ConnectedDrive was introduced in 2008 at the Geneva Motor Show as a web browser built in to the car's infotainment system.
Connected health, also known as technology enabled care (TEC) aims to maximize healthcare resources and provide increased, flexible opportunities for consumers to engage with clinicians and better self-manage their care.
Connected health is a socio-technical model for healthcare management and delivery by using technology to provide healthcare services remotely.
Connected is a 1992 album by Stereo MCs.
ConnectEd is a United States Federal Government Initiative that aims to increase internet connectivity and technology in all public schools to enhance learning.
Connected is the first studio album by the Foreign Exchange, a hip hop group consisting of American rapper Phonte from Little Brother and Dutch producer Nicolay.
Connected learning is a type of learning that integrates personal interest, peer relationships, and achievement in academic, civic, or career-relevant areas.
Connected Limited Device Configuration (CLDC) is a specification of a framework for Java ME applications describing the basic set of libraries and virtual-machine features that must be present in an implementation.
Connected Living is a Quincy, Massachusetts-based provider of social networking services to senior citizens.
Connected Living was featured in a June 3, 2009 article in the New York Times.
Connected Mathematics is a comprehensive mathematics program intended for U.S. students in grades 6-8.
Connected protected areas are important for the conservation of slow lorises because these primates are not adapted to travel long distances on the ground.
Connected speech, or connected discourse, in linguistics, is a continuous sequence of sounds forming utterances or conversations in spoken language.
ConnectedText (also abbreviated as CT) is a personal wiki which runs on Windows, or macOS using a Windows emulator.
Connected through their mutual political message that may be either explicitly Marxist or at least socialist, the poems are often esthetically disparate.
Connected to a tertiary storage system, the cache simulates unlimited direct access storage space.
Connected to Grant High School is a communications/technology magnet which emphasizes smaller class sizes and communications technology electives including film/video production, broadcast journalism, computer technology, graphic communications, and performing arts.
Connected to his work in Hungary, he has supported the Janossomorja Rascals of the Hungarian league as a coach and player, helping them to multiple Hungarian League final appearances and Hungarian Cup championships between 2010 and 2013.
Connected to its north east corner is the much smaller Old Square, containing St Mary's Church.
Connected to New Republic was the university movement Primula Goliardica, later absorbed by Lotta di Popolo.
Connected to the church is a contributing parish hall.
Connected to the console via USB, the device can be placed near the video display, allowing voice chat to be conducted with the entire room.
Connected to the Grand Rounds Scenic Byway through biking trails, it ties the Anoka County park system to the parkways of Minneapolis.
Connected to the house is a two-story, frame barn built in 1856.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
Connected to the mainland by a tombolo, the reef has an extensive wave-cut platform.
Connected to the mainland portion of Washington County at Passamaquoddy Pleasant Point Reservation by a causeway, the city of Eastport occupies several islands, including its major land mass, Moose Island.
Connected to the new fine arts wing is a new athletic space including a new six-court gym and premier training facility.
Connected to the Society of Mill Hill Missionaries from the time of their founding, they were committed to serving the needy of the world.
Connected to the southern rim of this crater is a series of valleys and impact craters leading a couple of hundred kilometers to the east.
Connected to the Yandex project development team, that is responsible for the creation of infrastructure for route and traffic density data processing.
Connected toys are internet enabled devices with Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, or other capabilities build in.
Connected TV announced on August 20, 2008 at the Intel Developer Forum in San Francisco as the Widget Channel, it integrates the Yahoo!
Connected Urban Development (CUD) is a private-public partnership, initiated in 2006 by Cisco in cooperation with the cities of Amsterdam, San Francisco, and Seoul, to work towards a further reduction of carbon emissions through improvements in the efficiency of the urban infrastructure.
Connected Vol.1 is an album released on February 10, 2012, by Punjabi music artists, such as Sukhwinder Panchhi, Kuldeep Manak, Manjit Pappu, Bhinda Jatt, Sukhdev Sukha, Inder Kooner, Bal-E Lasara, and Harleen Singh.
Connected with Ramagundam Railway station (Major Railway Rout connecting North India), State Highway also called as Rajeev Rahadari (HKR Roadways) and Airport (Basanthnagar).
Connected with Ranchi city by State Highway No. 1.
Connected with Segregated Bicycle Path to Gloucester.
Connected with the Bay Area Revolutionary Union and its local faction headed by Stanford University English professor H. Bruce Franklin, the Maverick was labor-oriented, and printed some articles in Spanish.
Connected with the borolanite there are other types of nepheline syenite and pegmatite.
Connected with the number 4, 40, 400, 4000.
Connect Expo is an annual Australian business and ICT trade show held in Melbourne organized by Association and Communications Events in partnership with the Victorian government.
Connect (foaled May 6, 2013) is a retired racehorse who is best known for his wins in the grade II Pennsylvania Derby and grade I Cigar Mile Handicap.
Connect Four is a solved game.
Connect Group PLC comprises Smiths News, the UK's largest newspaper and magazine wholesaler; Dawson Media Direct (international media supply to airlines and travel points) and Tuffnells (a leading Parcel Freight distributor).
Connect Group PLC is a specialist distributor, headquartered in Swindon, England.
Connecthings is a French multinational software company with dual headquarters in Paris, France and New York City, New York, that develops a global network of wireless beacons that are claimed to facilitate urban planners' efforts to implement smart city technologies and services.
Connecticut Agricultural Experiment Station (CAES) is the Connecticut state government's agricultural experiment station, a state government component that engages in scientific research and public outreach in agriculture and related fields.
Connecticut also continued its record streak of 10 consecutive Final Four appearances.
Connecticut also has a collection of nature walks that include historical American Indian trails and Underground Railroad trails that span the state.
Connecticut and Georgia Tech met in the semifinals of the 2003 NIT Season Tip-Off and Georgia Tech upset #1-ranked Connecticut with a 77-61 win on their way to winning the 2003 NIT Season Tip-Off.
Connecticut and New Jersey waive the MPRE requirement for bar candidates who have earned a grade of "C" or better in a law school course in professional ethics.
Connecticut and Rhode Island attained colonial charters as already established colonies that allowed them to elect their own governors.
Connecticut and Rhode Island do not use any sub-state codes, with site identifiers consisting of the state abbreviation and a sequential number series for the whole state.
Connecticut, a side wheel steamer, was built in 1861 by William Webb, New York City; purchased by the Navy 18 July 1861; and commissioned 23 August 1861, Commander M. Woodhull in command.
Connecticut Avenue is a light rail station that is currently under construction.
Connecticut Avenue is a major thoroughfare in the Northwest quadrant of Washington, D.C., and suburban Montgomery County, Maryland.
Connecticut became a charter member of Hockey East in 2002.
Connecticut boroughs are administratively similar to villages in New York.
Connecticut Casual is the fourth studio album by American hip hop recording artist Apathy.
Connecticut Colony played a significant role in the establishment of self-government in the New World with its refusal to surrender local authority to the Dominion of New England, an event known as the Charter Oak incident which occurred at Jeremy Adams' inn and tavern.
Connecticut ComiCONN (a.k.a. ComiCONN) is an annual convention focusing primarily on comic books and their creators, along with pop culture memorabilia, gaming, science fiction, fantasy and action films, television programs and cosplay.
Connecticut defeated Georgetown, 75-74 to claim its second Big East Tournament championship.
Connecticut defeated Tennessee 70-64 to win its first NCAA title and complete a 35-0 undefeated season.
Connecticut demonologists Ed and Lorraine Warren have written a book about the cemetery entitled Graveyard.
Connecticut Department of Public Safety v. Doe, 538 U.S. 1 (2003), was a United States Supreme Court case regarding the constitutionality of the Connecticut sex offender registration requirement which required public disclosure of information on sex offenders after they had been released from incarceration.
Connecticut Distance Learning Consortium (CTDLC) is a State of Connecticut agency that supports online learning in Connecticut.
Connecticut elected all its Representatives in Congress from a single multi-member Connecticut at-large congressional district.
Connecticut election results reflect the Republican Party's re-consolidation under what is popularly call the "Reagan Revolution," which sounded overwhelming conservative electoral victories across the United States.
Connecticut establishing numerous scoring records.
Connecticut farms received $141 million in federal subsidies between 1995 and 2012, including commodity programs, conservation payments, crop insurance, and disaster aid, ranking it 45th of the 50 states.
Connecticut first fielded a team in 1896, and participated in Division I-AA until 1999.
Connecticut Food Bank serves 127 cities and towns.
Connecticut, for example, has no county governments, nor does Rhode Island.
Connecticut for Lieberman was a Connecticut political party created by twenty-five supporters of Senator Joe Lieberman.
Connecticut Friends School (CFS) runs an early childhood program for students ages 2 to 5.
Connecticut General Assembly Conservative Caucus is a group of Connecticut legislators espousing a conservative political agenda.
Connecticut Governor Jonathan Trumbull recommended the invention to George Washington, who provided funds and support for the development and testing of the machine.
Connecticut gubernatorial election took place on November 2, 2010 to elect the 88th Governor of Connecticut.
Connecticut had already granted large tracts of land, later to be nicknamed the "Firelands", in the region to Revolutionary War veterans and Patriots who had lost their homes in the war.
Connecticut had also been the birth state of Republican nominee George W. Bush, however as a presidential candidate Bush identified his home state as Texas, where he was governor, and he did not attempt to compete in Connecticut.
Connecticut had nearly 6,000 farms with 437,000 acres of land as of 2012, producing $551 million in revenue that year.
Connecticut had previously been a Republican-leaning swing state, with Republicans winning it in the 1980s but Clinton carrying it by a fairly close 42-36 plurality in 1992.
Connecticut Hall (formerly South Middle College) is a Georgian building on the Old Campus of Yale University.
Connecticut Hall is the third-oldest of only seven surviving American colonial-era college buildings, and the second-oldest structure built for Yale College in New Haven.
Connecticut has 112 census-designated places.
Connecticut has also become the home of two of the world's largest casinos, the Mohegan Sun and Foxwoods.
Connecticut has been one of the least successful states at Miss Teen USA.
Connecticut has five seats in the House, apportioned according to the 2000 United States Census.
Connecticut hasn't had a male Major League sports team since the Hartford Whalers NHL team relocated to North Carolina in 1997.
Connecticut has often been in competition with the states of Massachusetts and New York.
Connecticut has won the Miss America crown once (Marian Bergeron, 1933).
Connecticut Heavy Artillery was an artillery regiment that served in the Union Army during the American Civil War.
Connecticut held a closed primary, meaning only registered Democrats could vote.
Connecticut historian John Fiske was the first to claim that the Fundamental Orders were the first written Constitution, a claim disputed by some modern historians.
Connecticut Huskies baseball represents the University of Connecticut in college baseball at the NCAA Division I level.
Connecticut IB Academy (CIBA) is an interdistrict magnet school located in East Hartford, Connecticut.
Connecticut, Illinois, Indiana, Ohio, Missouri, and New York observe the holiday.
Connecticut is also the birth state of major Green Party candidate Ralph Nader.
Connecticut is also the home of one of the five federally-run service academies, the United States Coast Guard Academy.
Connecticut is a state located in Northeastern United States.
Connecticut is a state of the United States in the New England region.
Connecticut is considered a safe Democratic state, having not been won by a Republican presidential candidate since 1988.
Connecticut is divided among five congressional districts from which citizens elect the state's representatives to the United States House of Representatives.
Connecticut is home to 14 species of snakes and only two are venomous.
Connecticut is the fifth active United States Ship to be named for the U.S. state of Connecticut, going back to 1776.
Connecticut Lakes State Forest adjoins them.
Connecticut Landmarks is an organization that has restored and operates significant historic house museums in Connecticut.
Connecticut Landmarks now owns a statewide network of historic properties that span four centuries.
Connecticut Landmarks operates the house a late 18th-century historic house museum, however, they are currently facing an investigation by the attorney general's office into their alleged neglect of the Homestead and it's artifacts.
Connecticut Lighting and Power Company bought out Waterbury Traction Company in June 1899.
Connecticut made one appearance in the Division I-AA (now FCS) playoffs, in 1998.
Connecticut Magazine is an American monthly magazine covering the life, culture, politics, and style of the state of Connecticut.
Connecticut maintains a Renewable portfolio standard that requires 23% of the state's electricity to come from renewable sources by 2020.
Connecticut mile The distance traveled in one minute.
Connecticut occurred on 11 October 1739.
Connecticut overwhelmingly voted for the Republican nominee, President Theodore Roosevelt, over the Democratic nominee, former Chief Judge of New York Court of Appeals Alton B. Parker.
Connecticut played an active role in the American Revolution, and became a bastion of the conservative, business-oriented, Constitutionalism Federalist Party.
Connecticut Public Radio).The program is hosted by Lucy Nalpathanchil.
Connecticut Railway and Lighting Company was a streetcar and bus transit operator serving the region around Bridgeport, Norwalk, Derby, New Britain and Waterbury, Connecticut.
Connecticut Railway and Lighting was leased to the Consolidated Railway and in turn the Connecticut Company between 1906 and 1936.
Connecticut requires training, background check and permitting requirements for the purchase of firearms and ammunition; and a ban (with exceptions) on certain semi-automatic firearms defined as "assault weapons" and magazines that can hold more than 10 rounds.
Connecticut Resources Recovery Authority is a quasi-public agency that provides single-stream recycling and trash disposal for Connecticut cities and towns.
Connecticut, Rhode Island, and most of Massachusetts also don't have county governments.
Connecticut River Academy is located at the same campus as Goodwin College.
Connecticut River Academy opened in 2010 and graduated its first 4-year class in 2014.
Connecticut River Greenway State Park is a protected environment with public recreation features that consists of separate state land holdings, including open spaces, parks, scenic vistas, and archeological and historic sites, along the Connecticut River in the Pioneer Valley of western Massachusetts.
Connecticut River Railroad was a railroad located along the Connecticut River in western Massachusetts, formed in 1845 from the merger of two unfinished railroads.
Connecticut River Transit (CRT), whose bus service was also known as the Current, was the public transit provider for Vermont's southern Windsor County and Windham County.
Connecticut Roller Derby is a member of the Women's Flat Track Derby Association (WFTDA).
Connecticut Roller Derby is a women's flat-track roller derby league based in Naugatuck (Greater Waterbury), Connecticut.
Connecticut Route 10 is a state highway that runs between New Haven and the state line near Granby.
Connecticut Route 12 is a state highway that runs between Groton and the state line in Thompson.
Connecticut Route 541 (also known as South Frontage Road and Bolton Road) is a 0.82 mile long State Road in the US state of Connecticut.
Connecticut Route 80 is a 25.9 mile highway that runs through south-central Connecticut.
Connecticut's 12th Senate District elects one member of the Connecticut Senate.
Connecticut's 137th House district is one of 151 Connecticut House of Representatives districts.
Connecticut's 139th House district is one of 151 Connecticut House of Representatives districts.
Connecticut's 140th House district is one of 151 Connecticut House of Representatives districts.
Connecticut's 141st House district is one of 151 Connecticut House of Representatives districts.
Connecticut's 142nd House district is one of 151 Connecticut House of Representatives districts.
Connecticut's 143rd House district is one of 151 Connecticut House of Representatives districts.
Connecticut's 145th House district is one of 151 Connecticut House of Representatives districts.
Connecticut's 1st congressional district is a congressional district in the U.S. state of Connecticut.
Connecticut's 26th Senate District elects one member of the Connecticut Senate.
Connecticut's 2nd Congressional District is a congressional district in the U.S. state of Connecticut.
Connecticut's 3rd Congressional District is a congressional district in the U.S. state of Connecticut.
Connecticut's 4th Congressional District is a congressional district in the U.S. state of Connecticut.
Connecticut's 5th Congressional District is a congressional district in the U.S. state of Connecticut.
Connecticut's Department of Energy and Environmental Protection is a state agency of Connecticut.
Connecticut Senator Chris Dodd subsequently attempted to introduce federal legislation that would prevent New York and other states from engaging in such taxation.
Connecticut served as the flagship for the Jamestown Exposition in mid-1907, which commemorated the 300th anniversary of the founding of the Jamestown colony.
Connecticut's government has operated under the direction of five separate documents in its history.
Connecticut shade tobacco is a tobacco grown under shade in the Connecticut River valley of the U.S. states of Connecticut, Massachusetts, and southernmost Vermont, and is used primarily for binder and wrapper for premium cigars.
Connecticut's licensing system for open and concealed carry is relatively permissive.
Connecticut's Shea Ralph was named the Most Outstanding Player of the tournament.
Connecticut's successful career was highlighted by the capture of four privateers and the recapture of seven American merchantmen.
Connecticut state law also makes no distinction between a consolidated town/city and a regular town.
Connecticut state law permits Councils of Government to apply for any grant money offered to county governments or their equivalents.
Connecticut state marshal operations are overseen by the State Marshal Commission, an executive branch commission within the Department of Administrative Services, located in Hartford, Connecticut.
Connecticut State Marshals are sworn peace officers in the State of Connecticut.
Connecticut's Western Reserve extended west of the Cuyahoga River into the reservation lands.
Connecticut temporarily lost the right of self-government under the unification of the several colonies into the Dominion of New England in 1687, but it was reinstated in 1689.
Connecticut).The genetics of Rubus is extremely complex, so that it is difficult to decide on which groups should be recognized as species.
Connecticut Transit Hartford (CTtransit Hartford Division) is the largest division of Connecticut Transit, providing service on 43 local routes, 5 "flyer" limited stop routes and 19 express routes throughout 27 towns in Hartford County, including Bloomfield, East Hartford, Farmington, Glastonbury, Manchester, Middletown, Newington, New Britain, Rocky Hill, South Windsor, West Hartford, Wethersfield and Windsor, in addition to Hartford.
Connecticut Transit New Britain Division and Connecticut Transit Bristol Division is one division of Connecticut Transit that collectively provides local bus service to four towns in the Central Connecticut Region with connections to CT Transit Hartford Division in downtown New Britain, downtown Bristol, along the Berlin Turnpike, at UConn Health, at Tunxis Community College, CT Transit Waterbury Division and Middletown Area Transit in Cromwell.
Connecticut Transit New Haven is the second largest division of Connecticut Transit, providing service on 24 routes in 19 towns within the Greater New Haven and Lower Naugatuck River Valley areas, with connections to other CT Transit routes in Waterbury and Meriden, as well as connections to systems in Milford and Bridgeport at the Connecticut Post Mall.
Connecticut Transit operates several bus routes through the neighborhood, such as the 50, 52 and 54, which run on Blue Hills Avenue, the 56 and 58, which run up on Albany Avenue and Bloomfield Avenue, the 74, which runs through Westbrook Village on its way to Copaco Shopping Center via Granby Street, and the 76, which runs on Cornwall Street towards Bowles Park.
Connecticut Transit Stamford (CT Transit Stamford Division) is the division of Connecticut Transit for the Stamford metropolitan area.
Connecticut Transit (styled CTtransit) is a bus system serving much of the U.S. state of Connecticut and is a division of that state's Department of Transportation.
Connecticut, unanimously cast its nine electoral votes for incumbent George Washington during its first presidential election.
Connecticut United FC is a soccer team located in New Britain, Connecticut.
Connecticut, unlike most states, holds separate primary elections for governor and lieutenant governor, with the winners then running together on the same ticket.
Connecticut v. Doehr, 501 U.S. 1 (1991), was a United States Supreme Court case in which the Court held that a state statute authorizing prejudgment attachment of a defendant's real property upon the filing of an action, without prior notice or hearing, without a showing of extraordinary circumstances, and without a requirement that the plaintiff post a bond, violates the Due Process Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment.
Connecticut Volunteer Infantry was an infantry regiment that served in the Union Army during the American Civil War.
Connecticut voted for Democratic Party candidate and incumbent President Franklin D. Roosevelt, who won the state by a margin of 14.97 percent.
Connecticut voted for John Quincy Adams over William H. Crawford, Andrew Jackson, and Henry Clay.
Connecticut voted for Republican nominee, Senator Warren G. Harding of Ohio, over the Democratic nominee, Governor James M. Cox of Ohio.
Connecticut voted for the Democratic candidate, Franklin Pierce, over the Whig Party candidate, Winfield Scott.
Connecticut voted for the Democratic candidate, Martin Van Buren, over Whig candidate William Henry Harrison.
Connecticut voted for the Democratic nominee, Grover Cleveland, over the Republican nominee, James G. Blaine.
Connecticut voted for the Democratic nominee, incumbent President Grover Cleveland over the Republican nominee Benjamin Harrison.
Connecticut voted for the Democratic nominee, incumbent Vice President Hubert H. Humphrey of Minnesota, over the Republican nominee, former Vice President Richard Nixon of New York and American Independent candidate, Southern populist Governor George Wallace of Alabama.
Connecticut voted for the Democratic nominee, nominee, former President Grover Cleveland, who was running for a second, non-consecutive term over incumbent President Republican Benjamin Harrison.
Connecticut voted for the Democratic nominee, Samuel J. Tilden, over the Republican nominee, Rutherford B. Hayes.
Connecticut voted for the Democratic nominee, Senator John F. Kennedy of Massachusetts, over the Republican nominee, Vice President Richard Nixon of California.
Connecticut voted for the National Republican candidate, Henry Clay, over the Democratic Party candidate, Andrew Jackson and the Anti-Masonic Party candidate, William Wirt.
Connecticut voted for the National Republican candidate, John Quincy Adams, over the Democratic candidate, Andrew Jackson.
Connecticut voted for the National Union candidate, Abraham Lincoln, over the Democratic candidate, George B. McClellan.
Connecticut voted for the Republican nominee, former governor of Ohio William McKinley, over the Democratic nominee, former U.S. Representative from Nebraska William Jennings Bryan.
Connecticut voted for the Republican nominee, General Dwight D. Eisenhower of New York, over the Democratic nominee, former Governor Adlai Stevenson of Illinois.
Connecticut voted for the Republican nominee, incumbent President Dwight D. Eisenhower of Pennsylvania, over the Democratic nominee, former Governor Adlai Stevenson of Illinois.
Connecticut voted for the Republican nominee, incumbent President Herbert Hoover of California, over the Democratic nominee, Governor Franklin D. Roosevelt of New York.
Connecticut voted for the Republican nominee, James A. Garfield, over the Democratic nominee, Winfield Scott Hancock.
Connecticut voted for the Republican nominee, Secretary of War William Howard Taft, over the Democratic nominee, former U.S. Representative William Jennings Bryan.
Connecticut voted for the Republican nominee, Ulysses S. Grant, over the Democratic nominee, Horatio Seymour.
Connecticut voted for the Republican nominee, Vice President George H. W. Bush, over the Democratic nominee, Massachusetts Governor Michael Dukakis, by a margin of 5.10%.
Connecticut voted for the Whig candidate, Henry Clay, over Democratic candidate James K. Polk.
Connecticut voted for the Whig candidate, Zachary Taylor, over Democratic candidate Lewis Cass and Free Soil Party candidate Martin Van Buren.
Connecticut voters chose 8 electors to the Electoral College, which selected the president and vice president of the United States.
Connecticut voters chose seven electors to represent them in the Electoral College via a popular vote pitting incumbent Democratic President Barack Obama and his running mate, Vice President Joe Biden, against Republican challenger and former Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney and his running mate, Congressman Paul Ryan.
Connecticut was launched 24 November 1900; sponsored by Miss Grace Boutelle; renamed Nevada, January 1901; and commissioned on 5 March 1903, Commander Thomas B. Howard in command.
Connecticut was one of only six states, four of them in New England, which voted to re-elect the embattled Republican incumbent Hoover, who was widely unpopular over his failure to adequately address the Great Depression.
Connecticut was the first 7 seed ever to reach and win the championship game.
Connecticut was the second state to do so after Massachusetts.
Connecticut was won by Democratic candidate, incumbent President Franklin D. Roosevelt won the state over New York governor Thomas E. Dewey by a narrow margin of 5.36 percent.
Connecticut was won by Democratic nominee John Kerry by a margin of 10.4%.
Connecticut was won by former California Governor Ronald Reagan by 10 points.
Connecticut was won by Governor Bill Clinton (D-Arkansas) with 42.21% of the popular vote over incumbent President George H.W. Bush (R-Texas) with 35.78%.
Connecticut was won by incumbent Democratic President Bill Clinton, who took 52.83% of the vote over Republican Senator Bob Dole of Kansas, who took 34.69%, a victory margin of 18.14%.
Connecticut was won by incumbent Democratic President Franklin D. Roosevelt of New York, who was running against Republican businessman Wendell Willkie of Indiana.
Connecticut was won by incumbent United States President Ronald Reagan of California, who was running against former Vice President Walter Mondale of Minnesota.
Connecticut was won by Republican candidate Abraham Lincoln, who won by a margin of 32.36%.
Connecticut was won by the Republican nominees, incumbent President Gerald Ford of Michigan and his running mate Senator Bob Dole of Kansas.
Connecticut was won by the Republican nominees, incumbent President Ulysses S. Grant of Illinois and his running mate Senator Henry Wilson of Massachusetts.
Connecticut was won by the Republican nominees, New Jersey Governor Woodrow Wilson and Indiana Governor Thomas R. Marshall.
Connecticut was won by the Republican nominee, U.S. Supreme Court Justice Charles Evans Hughes of New York, and his running mate Senator Charles W. Fairbanks of Indiana.
Connecticut was won by Vice President Al Gore by a 17.5% margin of victory.
Connecticut won the men's division while Wisconsin won the women's Island Division and California won the women's Reef Division.
Connectifier develops machine learning-based searching and matching technology to help recruiters and hiring managers find talent.
Connectify Hotspot is a virtual router software for Microsoft Windows.
Connectify is a software company focused on developing networking software for consumers, professionals and companies.
Connecting alternate points where the spiral bends creates a series of triangles, where each triangle has two sides that are successive Padovan numbers and that has an obtuse angle of 120 degrees between these two sides.
Connecting Balik Pulau in the west until Paya Terubong in the east.
Connecting bus service is operated from the station to: The Village of East Lake , East Lake Golf Course , Clifton Springs Health Center,North Dekalb Mall and Kirkwood (Atlanta).
Connecting bus services leave from the nearby bus station in the basement of New Strand Shopping Center.
Connecting channels are the Bay Ridge, the Red Hook, the Buttermilk, the Claremont, the Port Jersey, the Kill Van Kull, the Newark Bay, the Port Newark, the Elizabeth, and the Arthur Kill.
Connecting corn and soybean farmers to centralized grain handling and their corresponding major markets, chemical fertilizers, seed, and other Agronomy services.
Connecting lines and stations were closed and evacuated.
Connecting many parks the trail offers opportunities to access nature walks, photography, picnics, and fishing.
Connecting mentors with members of the LGBTQ community starting their own companies.
Connecting Minnesota State Highway 36 and Wisconsin State Highway 64, the bridge carries four lanes of traffic (two lanes in each direction), and includes a bike/pedestrian path on the north side.
Connecting Northfield and Minneapolis, the line carried agricultural produce from rural Dakota County to urban markets.
Connecting of a hologram with the protected item is a critical task, and there are many specific technologies for it.
Connecting regionally with Atlanta, Georgia and Charlotte, North Carolina, it became the first Interstate highway in South Carolina to have its originally planned mileage completed.
Connecting rings are thick and layered.
Connecting rings are thick and layered, externally straight but thickening inwardly with the maximum near the middle of the segment so as to leave concave depressions on internal siphuncle molds.
Connecting rings are thick and slightly expanded into the siphuncle, making the segments slightly concave; characteristic of the Ellesmerocerida.
Connecting rings are thick and uniform, each extending from the tip of a septal neck to the tip of the preceding neck.
Connecting rings are thick, septal necks cyrochoanitic to recumbent, bullettes markedly swollen.
Connecting rings are thin, but layered.
Connecting rings are thin to moderately thick with inflated bullettes grasping the preveous septal foremina.
Connecting rings start off thin but thicken in the later growth stages, which have well developed, internal radial, actinosiphonate deposits.
Connecting Rooms is a 1970 British drama film written and directed by Franklin Gollings.
Connecting Sacramento with U.S. Route 395 (US 395) near Beckwourth Pass (lowest in the Sierra Nevada) via the Feather River Canyon.
Connecting service west of New Haven to New York City is available via Metro-North Railroad's New Haven Line.
Connecting Somerset Island with the mainland in the western parish of Sandys, Somerset Bridge is reputedly the smallest working drawbridge in the world.
Connecting Spirits is an album by American jazz saxophonist Joseph Jarman and pianist Marilyn Crispell, which was recorded live in 1996 and released on the Music & Arts label.
Connecting strand beta1 and helix alpha2 is a loop with a six amino acid motif, GxxG flanked by large aliphatic residues, within which one 'x' is typically a basic residue.
Connecting the Dots is an EP recorded by Canadian DJ and producer, Conro.
Connecting the E galaxies with the S0 galaxies are the ES galaxies with intermediate-scale disks.
Connecting the feelings with the abuse provides a permanent release.
Connecting the M3 and the A30, it is part of one of the main routes from London to South West England, which runs to Land's End in Cornwall.
Connecting theme or plot in a movie, book, etc.
Connecting the sestieri (districts) of San Marco and San Polo, it has been rebuilt several times since its first construction as a pontoon bridge in the 12th century, and is now a significant tourist attraction in the city.
Connecting the various sites was an enormous network of telephones, modems and teleprinters.
Connecting to a 3G/GSM virtual Private Automated Branch Exchange (PABX) network set up by a mobile operator, a SIM operated deskphone combines the features and flexibility of a mobile phone with the functionality of a traditional deskphone.
Connecting to Eirpac can be done using a simple AT compatible modem.
Connecting to Internet radio stations was once supported through a free service called TurtleRadio.
Connecting to Outlook 2013 and 2016 via EAS is also officially supported.
Connecting Transkrian in the southwest to Bukit Panchor in the northeast.
Connecting two unsynchronized AC power systems together is likely to cause high currents to flow, which will severely damage any equipment not protected by fuses or circuit breakers.
Connecting two Xbox consoles to each other without a switch requires a crossover cable, while Xbox 360 consoles can use standard cables.
Connecting U.S. Route 92 to Interstate 4 then traveling west to Branch Forbes Road outside the city limits of Plant City.
Connecting with the Little Miami Railroad, it created the first rail route from Cincinnati to Columbus.
Connection (2013) is the second studio album by European musical duo The Green Children.
Connection Admission Control (CAC) can be used to prevent congestion in connection-oriented protocols such as ATM.
Connection belongs to the Granite School District.
Connection can be used to transmit power and energy as well as information and signals; some dance forms (and some dancers) primarily emphasize power or signaling, but most are probably a mixture of both.
Connection Distributing, a publisher of swinging magazines, challenged the constitutionality of the statute, as individuals who posted on Connection's magazines would also be required to create and maintain such records, and provide them to the publisher.
Connection is a Fortune 1000, National Technology Solutions Provider, headquartered in Merrimack, New Hampshire.
Connection is an album by trumpeter/bandleader Don Ellis recorded in 1972 and released on the Columbia label.
Connectionism is an approach in the fields of cognitive science, that hopes to represent mental phenomena using artificial neural networks.
Connectionist expert systems are artificial neural network (ANN) based expert systems where the ANN generates inferencing rules e.g., fuzzy-multi layer perceptron where linguistic and natural form of inputs are used.
Connectionist Learning with Adaptive Rule Induction On-line (CLARION) is a computational cognitive architecture that has been used to simulate many domains and tasks in cognitive psychology and social psychology, as well as implementing intelligent systems in artificial intelligence applications.
Connectionists rely upon behavioral evidence to construct models to explain cognitive phenomenon, whereas computational neuroscience leverages neuroanatomical and neurophysiological information to construct mathematical models which explain cognition.
Connectionless communication, often referred to as CL-mode communication, is a data transmission method used in packet switching networks in which each data unit is individually addressed and routed based on information carried in each unit, rather than in the setup information of a prearranged, fixed data channel as in connection-oriented communication.
Connectionless-mode Network Service (CLNS) or simply Connectionless Network Service is an OSI Network Layer datagram service that does not require a circuit to be established before data is transmitted, and routes messages to their destinations independently of any other messages.
Connectionless protocols are usually described as stateless protocols because the end points have no protocol-defined way to remember where they are in a "conversation" of message exchanges.
Connection Magazines also engages in advocacy for the various industries it covers, and is a long-serving member of a variety of international trade organizations (such as the World Plumbing Council).
Connection Magazines also incorporates a market research division (Connection Research) and an events division (Connection Events), through which annual Australian industry forums are conducted.
Connection Magazines is an Australian online and print publisher.
Connection of a mobile device with other devices can be done over wireless LAN (Wi-Fi), over Bluetooth or by physical connection using a cable, for example through USB.
Connection-oriented communication may be a circuit switched connection, or a packet-mode virtual circuit connection.
Connection-oriented Ethernet is used in commercial carrier grade networks.
Connection-oriented Ethernet refers to the transformation of Ethernet, a connectionless communication system by design, into a connection-oriented system.
Connection-Oriented Network Service (CONS) is one of the two OSI network layer protocols, the other being CLNS (Connectionless Network Service).
Connection-oriented protocol services are often, but not always, reliable network services, that provide acknowledgment after successful delivery, and automatic repeat request functions in case of missing data or detected bit-errors.
Connection pooling also cuts down on the amount of time a user must wait to establish a connection to the database.
Connection pools are used to enhance the performance of executing commands on a database.
Connection routes from Barrhaven, Bells Corners, Stittsville, and Kanata only allow passengers to get off at this station in the morning upon request, but skip it altogether in the afternoon with the exception of route 282 which provides service during the AM peak as well as during the PM peak.
Connections Academy provides online school products and services to virtual schools for grades K-12, including full-time online schools bearing the "Connections Academy" name across the country.
Connections (also referred to as New Connections and formerly Shell Connections) is the Royal National Theater in London's annual youth theater scheme.
Connections Alternative School is a public alternative high school in Eagle Point, Oregon, United States.
Connections are a key concept in data-centric programming.
Connections are available at Hoboken Terminal to other New Jersey Transit rail lines, the PATH Train, New York Waterways ferry service to the World Financial Center and other destinations and Hudson-Bergen Light Rail service.
Connections are available at the Hoboken Terminal to other New Jersey Transit rail lines, the PATH train at the Hoboken PATH station, NY Waterway ferry service to the World Financial Center and other destinations and Hudson-Bergen Light Rail service.
Connections are available at the Hoboken Terminal to other NJ Transit rail lines, the PATH train at the Hoboken, New York Waterways ferry service to the World Financial Center and other destinations, and Hudson-Bergen Light Rail service.
Connections are available at the Hoboken Terminal to other NJ Transit rail lines, the PATH train, New York Waterways ferry service to the World Financial Center and Hudson-Bergen Light Rail service.
Connections are available here for Bloomfield Avenue bus service on four lines for service between Newark and Paterson, Wayne, Montclair, West Caldwell, and Parsippany-Troy Hills.
Connections are available to tram and bus services.
Connections are available within the complex to the New York City Subway, and busses.
Connections are built by supplying an underlying driver or provider with a connection string, which is used to address a specific database or server and to provide instance and user authentication credentials (for example, Server=sql_box;Database=Common;User ID=uid;Pwd=password;).
Connections are closed (timed out) after five minutes of inactivity; this ensures that the connections do not persist indefinitely.
Connections are made on all four edges of a square package; Compared to the internal cavity for mounting the integrated circuit, the package overall size is large.
Connections are made through bluetooth, WiFi, or over the internet via Tor and all private communication is end-to-end encrypted.
Connections are provided with Conrail's Beesley's Point Secondary, owned jointly by CSX and Norfolk Southern, at the north end in Tuckahoe.
Connections between "clients" are made using MAC addresses.
Connections between mutations in the Keratin family and bullous congenital ichthyosiform erythroderma have been made, on account of type II cytokeratins being found clustered in a region of chromosomes 12q12-q13.
Connections between sound modules, controllers, and sequencers are generally made with MIDI (Musical Instrument Digital Interface), which is a standardized protocol designed for this purpose, which includes special ports (jacks) and cables.
Connections between Tor Cyan and the Genetic Infantrymen, and between his story and the same fictional universe as Nu-Earth, are revealed gradually over the course of the series.
Connections by bus with Venice airport are managed by ACTV and by ATVO.
Connections can also be made with Transit Windsor at the Tecumseh Mall.
Connections can be accepted on IPv4 or IPv6 endpoints, or on UNIX-domain sockets.
Connections can be made to 15 of MTA Maryland's busses from here.
Connections can be made to 21 of MTA Maryland's busses from here.
Connections can be made to 9 of MTA Maryland's busses from here.
Connections & Disconnections is the 12th Funkadelic studio album, recorded by original Parliaments members Fuzzy Haskins, Calvin Simon, and Grady Thomas.
Connections from Waterville to Weston-super-Mare in England and Le Havre in France were soon established by the submarine route after initial use of landlines from Waterville onward to mainland Britain.
Connections is a 10-episode documentary television series and 1978 book (Connections, based on the series) created, written, and presented by science historian James Burke.
Connections is a 1995 educational adventure video game.
Connections is a British game show that aired on ITV from 13 May 1985 to 6 June 1990.
Connections is a Compilation album and a Studio album produced by A. R. Rahman.
Connections is a quarterly peer-reviewed open access academic journal covering security, defense, armed forces, conflict, intelligence, history, war, and related issues.
Connections is no longer a coherent National Service following the announcement of changes to the delivery of careers in England by the Coalition government.
Connections may be available to intersecting rail lines or other transport modes such as busses, trams or other rapid transit systems.
Connections may be by contract, as in partnerships or alliances or trade agreements, or by open market exchange or participation in public tariffs.
Connections northward to Richmond and New Westminster are via smaller bridges on Highway 91.
Connections to all DFW airport terminals are free but require riding two shuttle busses: first the shuttle to the DFW Remote South lot, then connecting there to the terminal shuttles.
Connections to bus routes servicing Guildford and Newton town centers can be made at this station.
Connections to other parts of the island are made by taxi.
Connections to Q-Link were typically made by dial-up modems with speeds ranging from 300 to 2400 baud, with 1200 baud being the most common.
Connections to the docks at Swansea had not been fruitful in the early days, and the Swansea and Neath Railway, soon taken over by the VoNR, made some improvement, but the docks area remained congested and difficult.
Connections to the Great Northern Railway (GNR) at King's Cross and London, Chatham and Dover Railway (LC&DR) at Farringdon allowed cross-London services to run.
Connections to the sewers (underground pipes, or aboveground ditches in some developing countries) are generally found downstream of the water consumers, but the sewer system is considered to be a separate system, rather than part of the water supply system.
Connections were retained with the cement works and coal yard, which became an oil depot, until 1988 and the line eventually closed in 1991.
Connections with another family called Umfraville in Glamorgan are possible but unproven.
Connections with RATB services are 1, 21, 46 (trams), 330 and 335 (busses).
Connection there to the Covington and Lexington Railroad then permitted travel to Cincinnati's Kentucky suburbs.
Connection to ground also limits the build-up of static electricity when handling flammable products or electrostatic-sensitive devices.
Connection to PATH trains to midtown Manhattan and to New Jersey Transit commuter train service are available at Hoboken Terminal.
Connection to Route 48 of the RTD local bus system is planned, however bus routes are prone to re-evaluation before opening.
Connection to Route 8 of TheRide bus service will be available on opening day.
Connection to the mainframe computer or terminal server is achieved via RS-232 serial links, Ethernet or other proprietary protocols.
Connection to the Milan-Venice high-speed railway (Milan-Verona section) entered operation on 11 December 2016.
Connection upgrade must be requested by the client; if the server wants to enforce an upgrade it may send a 426 Upgrade Required response.
Connection with the Slavic pre-Christian god Perun was made by VP Darkevich, although some authors prefer the association with Norse material culture.
Connectipedia defined itself as "a shared learning community for anyone interested in advancing the knowledge and efforts of those working for the common good."
Connect is a new social network analysis software data mining computer system developed by HMRC (UK) that cross-references business's and people's tax records with other databases to establish fraudulent or undisclosed (misdirected) activity.
Connect is a Science Foundation Ireland research center.
Connect is a trade union representing construction, electrical and technical workers in Ireland.
ConnectivCorp later changed its name to Majesco Holdings Inc. on April 13, 2004.On December 1, 2016, Majesco Entertainment was acquired by PolarityTE, Inc., a biotech company, in another reverse merger takeover, because of which it formally ceased all video game operations on December 8, 2016.
Connective tissue bridges were noted at the atlanto-occipital joint between the rectus capitis posterior minor muscle and the dorsal spinal dura.
Connective tissue, muscular components, and peritoneal components originate in the mesoderm.
Connectivity abstraction may be achieved through a service transport protocol implementation.
Connectivity from the local telephone exchanges to the customer premises is called the "last mile".
Connectivity includes both structural connectivity (the physical arrangements of disturbance and/or patches) and functional connectivity (the movement of individuals across contours of disturbance and/or among patches).
Connectivity means a device can digitally communicate with and transfer data to other systems, through a real-time communication network (typically the internet).
Connectivity to PC is made through its serial interface, rather than USB.
Connectivity to the national grid in Kenya currently stands at 28%.
Connectivity to water in urban settings is quite good in Argentina, but rural communities lag far behind that of less developed nations.
Connectivity was provided through the Mobitex network.
Connectivity was provided through the Mobitex network under the now defunct Palm.net service.
Connectivity was provided through the Mobitex network, under the now defunct Palm.net service.
Connectivity-wise, it is a quad-band GSM phone with support for 2100 MHz UMTS with HSDPA download speeds of up to 7.2 Mbit/s and HSUPA upload speeds of up to 2 Mbit/s.
Connectivity with highway and airport is again part of attractions for better living zone.
Connectivity with Microsoft Outlook is provided via a proprietary client-side plugin.
ConnectKentucky, as well as its national offshoot Connected Nation, is heavily criticized by telecommunications policy experts for its model of research and mapping, lack of citizen involvement, and potential financial ties to AT&T and former Bell companies.
ConnectKentucky is a partnership of private firms and the Commonwealth of Kentucky that aims to make broadband Internet access available throughout the state.
ConnectNIT is a National Level Collegiate Club with its headquarters at the National Institute of Technology, Trichy.
Connectograms are graphical representations of connectomics, the field of study dedicated to mapping and interpreting all of the white matter fiber connections in the human brain.
Connector dimensions are 3mm x 18mm (includes top latch).
Connector domain, which is similar in structure to Holliday junction resolvase ruvC. Core domain, which is composed of two separate subdomains that join together to form a helical bundle; from within the core domain, two helices act as levers that extend towards (but do not touch) the DNA.
Connector enhancer of kinase suppressor of ras 1 is an enzyme that in humans is encoded by the CNKSR1 gene.
Connector enhancer of kinase suppressor of ras 2, also known as CNK homolog protein 2 (CNK2) or maguin (membrane-associated guanylate kinase-interacting protein), is an enzyme that in humans is encoded by the CNKSR2 gene.
Connector is usually surface mounted.
Connector lines are used to join these modules together and to specify the flow of entities.
Connector Motorways was an Australian toll road operator.
Connector Motorways was supposed to operate the tunnel concession until 2037.International toll road operator Transurban bought the tunnel in May 2010 for $630 million and became the new operator.
Connector owned the Lane Cove Tunnel and the Falcon Street Gateway in northern Sydney.
Connectors can be used even for very-high frequency applications, up to 100-ps rise time.
Connectors designs and manufactures a broad range of rugged circular push-pull connectors.
Connectors in the cradle provided the phone with electrical power, routed the audio path through the car's audio system, and an external antenna mounted on the car's chassis replaced the internal antenna, providing a stronger signal and better signal-to-noise ratio.
Connectors may join two lengths of flexible copper wire or cable, or connect a wire or cable to an electrical terminal.
Connectors provide a consistent generic layer between applications and target resources.
Connectors used by U.S. Department of Defense were originally developed in the 1930s for severe aeronautical and tactical service applications, and the Type "AN" (Army-Navy) series set the standard for modern military circular connectors.
CONNECT Player is a media player application, developed by Sony Connect, a division of Sony Corporation of America in 2005.
Connect provided .net.au domains free of charge until a policy change allowed the introduction of registration fees in 1997.
Connect Radio 106.8 serves Peterborough.
Connect Radio 97.2 & 107.4 serves Kettering, Corby and Wellingborough.
ConnecTra is a not-for-profit organization that provides socialization, community-based and employment-related services for people with physical disabilities in Vancouver, Canada.
Connects eligibility for new academic programs to campus performance in meeting diversity objectives.
Connect Sets is an EP by The Decemberists, released exclusively for Sony Connect on November 17, 2006.
Connects existing customers with prospects Connects prospects with each other Connects a company with customers/prospects to solidify loyalty Connects customers with customers to improve product adoption, satisfaction, etc.
Connects to The Newsroom Pub, also designed by David Baldwin, where autographs of celebrities who have spoken to the Milwaukee Press Club are displayed.
Connects was jointly owned by the Greater London Authority and London Councils.
Connect the Dots is the second studio album by American indie pop band MisterWives, released on May 19, 2017 through Republic Records.
Connect Transit, formerly Bloomington-Normal Public Transit System is the primary provider of mass transportation in McLean County, Illinois.
Connect was a British trade union representing workers in the communications industry.
ConnectWise Control was originally developed by Elsinore Technologies in 2008 under the name ScreenConnect.
Connect with him at www.
Conne-de-Labarde is a commune in the Dordogne department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in southwestern France.
Conneelly later played with St. Gabriel's.
Conneely is the founder of Bootcamp Tulsa, Dynamic Sports Development and nonprofit organization Fit First Responders.
Conneely later served as manager of the Roscommon and Westmeath senior teams.
Conneely went on to play a key role for Galway, and won one All-Ireland medal and one National Hurling League medal.
Conne Island is a music venue and cultural center in Leipzig in the district Connewitz.
Connel and Lowman hypothesized two contrasting mechanisms by which dominance can be attained.
Connel and Lowman, originally called it single-dominance.
Connel Bridge connects the community to Connel on the south shore of the loch, 7 kilometers from Oban.
Connel Bridge is a cantilever bridge that spans Loch Etive at Connel in Scotland.
Connel Burn is a river in East Ayrshire, Scotland which rises at Enoch Hill in the Southern Uplands and flows northwards through Laglaf and Connel Park before meeting the River Nith in New Cumnock.
Connel Ferry railway station is a railway station serving the village of Connel in western Scotland.
Connel Fullenkamp (born May 26, 1965) is an economist and the Director of Undergraduate Studies and Professor of the Practice in economics at Duke University, where he teaches core economics and financial economics courses.
Connell, aka Saint Connell, was a late 5th-early 6th century missionary among the Soghain of what is now County Galway.
Connellan Airways (later Connair) was an airline headquartered in Alice Springs, Australia.
Connell and Company was a Scottish shipbuilding company based in Scotstoun in Glasgow on the River Clyde.
Connellan is a suburb of the town of Alice Springs, in the Northern Territory, Australia.
Connellan was a harper, who may or may not have composed the tune Caoineach Luimnigh (the lament for Limerick).
Connellan was inducted into the Dinos' Hall of Fame in 2008, the Alberta Sports Hall of Fame and Museum in 1998, and the Canadian Football Hall of Fame in 2012.
Connell, a rover from Maryborough, was a regular member of the Hawthorn team for much of the early 1960s.
Connella wrote an autobiography, Sugar and Spice and Puppy Dog Tails: Growing Up Intersexed in 2000.The initial idea for the screenplay of the 2005 film Transamerica occurred in conversations between Connella and her then-roommate screenwriter/director Duncan Tucker.
Connell (born July 22, 1958) is an American historian and holder of the Joseph M. and Geraldine C. La Motta Chair in Italian Studies at Seton Hall University.
Connell came through the youth academy at Tottenham Hotspur but received his first professional contract from Ipswich Town, despite this he failed to make an appearance and joined Bournemouth in 2002 where despite making over 50 league appearances he was largely used as a back-up striker.
Connell Cruise (born Connell Cruise Kingsburgh on 19 May 1987) is a South African singer, songwriter, and musician.
Connell did not have a big impact playing for West Coast but when he moved to Adelaide he had a brilliant season winning the Crows Best and Fairest and a position in the Western Australian State of Origin side.
Connell earned the nickname "Iron Mike" by starting in an NASL record 179 consecutive regular season matches and appeared in 252 games overall, which was third in league history.
Connelles is a commune in the Eure department in Normandy, northwestern France.
Connelley's books were full of details and included much material obtained in interviews with persons present at historical situations about which the author wrote.
Connelley served as the Society's secretary the rest of his life.
Connelley served a term as deputy county clerk and in 1883 was elected county clerk and served two terms, leaving office in 1887.
Connelley served in other organizations.
Connelley's works became well known in the historical community and he became president of the Kansas State Historical Society in 1912 and its secretary in 1914.
Connelley then moved on to other pursuits.
Connell Ferrall was an Irish soldier of the seventeenth century noted for his service during the War of the Two Kings.
Connell finally earned his PGA Tour card for 2006 through qualifying school, but lost it at the end of that season.
Connell had been leader of the CCF until his expulsion.
Connell has a first class degree in English from the University of St Andrews and an honorary doctorate from the same university.
Connell has also appeared in numerous advertising campaigns including the controversial Carefree advertisements in 2012.
Connellia augustae is a species in the genus Connellia.
Connellia caricifolia is a species in the genus Connellia.
Connellia is a genus of the botanical family Bromeliaceae, subfamily Pitcairnioideae.
Connellia nahoumii is a species in the genus Connellia.
Connellia nutans is a species in the genus Connellia.
Connellia quelchii is a species in the genus Connellia.
Connellia varadarajanii is a species in the genus Connellia.
Connell is a city in Franklin County, Washington, United States.
Connell is a graduate of Ryerson University's theater program in Toronto.
Connell is best known for her recurring role as Rowena in the CW series Supernatural.
Connell is known for creating portraits, which may appear as self-portraits, similar to the portrait work by Cindy Sherman.
Connell is transgender.
Connell made her international debut in September 2014, in a Twenty20 International against New Zealand.
Connell maintained that no crime had occurred since all transactions and companies involved in the game were fictional.
Connell Mansion is a historic home located at Ephrata, Lancaster County, Pennsylvania.
Connell Maynor (born January 21, 1969) is an American football coach and former player.
Connell received the country's highest award for bravery during combat, the Medal of Honor, for his action during the Battle of Sayler's Creek in Virginia on 6 April 1865.
Connell runs the "Wheelies" Wheelchair Tennis program and coaches Adam Kellerman.
Connell's best grand slam singles results were reaching the third round of the 1991 Australian Open and 1994 Wimbledon.
Connells Group has around 600 branches across the UK and operates under multiple brand names including: Connells, Sequence, Allen & Harris, Bagshaws Residential, Barnard Marcus, Brown & Merry, Fox & Sons, Jones & Chapman, Manners & Harrison, Roger Platt, Shipways, Swetenhams, William H Brown, Sharman Quinney, Peter Alan, Burchell Edwards, Gascoigne Halman, Hatched and Rook Matthews Sayer,Kevin Henry.
Connell's other business interests include MoneyWeek, a British financial magazine which he founded in 2000.
Connell still plays club football in the capital with Na Fianna and won a Dublin Senior League medal in 2012 beating St Sylvesters in the final.
Connellsville Area Career and Technical Center is a comprehensive Vocational-Technical School, in the Connellsville Area School District.
Connellsville Area High School employed 90 teachers.
Connellsville Area High School is a rural, public high school, located in Connellsville, Pennsylvania, United States of America.
Connellsville Area Senior High School students may choose to attend Connellsville Area Career and Technology Center (also run by the Connellsville Area School District) for training in the construction and mechanical trades.
Connellsville Cokers were an American basketball team based in Cokesville, Pennsylvania, that was a member of the Coke Basketball League.
Connellsville is a ghost town located high in the mountains of Coal Canyon, near the head of Huntington Canyon in the northwestern corner of Emery County, Utah, United States.
Connellsville is a train station in Connellsville, Pennsylvania, United States served by Amtrak, the United States' national railroad passenger system.
Connellsville Municipal Authority provides sewage treatment to Connellsville, South Connellsville, and Connellsville Township in Fayette County, Pennsylvania.
Connellsville Township is a township in Fayette County, Pennsylvania, United States.
Connell turned professional in 1998 and spent many years playing on a variety of mini-tours.
Connell was a 2013 recipient of the Isabelle Ahearn O'Neill Award.
Connell was also a two time first-team NASL all star.
Connell was a mainstay of the Lyons era kicking five points against Kerry in the 2004 quarter final loss, Lyons last game in charge.
Connell was called up as a late replacement for the 1968 British Lions tour to South Africa.
Connell was credited for his short story.
Connell was expelled for publicly rejecting the party platform adopted by the BC CCF at its 1936 convention as too radical for calling for the socialization of banking and credit.
Connell was top scorer for St Cuthberts in both league and cup in 2012/13 and is a key force behind their push for further national and league glory for 2013/14.
Connell won the Dublin football championship with his club Na Fianna in 1999 against St Brigids and went on to win the Leinster Club football championship only to be eventually defeated in the All-Ireland club final against Crossmaglen Rangers of Armagh.
Connell won the Man of the Match award in the 2001 final.
Connelly and DeRosa were also members of the 1992 international champion quartet Keepsake.
Connelly attended American River College and then received his undergraduate degree from California State University, Sacramento and his law degree from University of the Pacific's McGeorge School of Law.
Connelly claimed the bronze medal in the women's 10.000 meters at the 1999 Pan American Games in Winnipeg.
Connelly continued modeling and acting, starring in films such as the 1985 horror film Phenomena (her first leading role), the 1986 musical fantasy film Labyrinth (opposite David Bowie) and the 1991 films Career Opportunities and The Rocketeer.
Connelly Creek has the name of the Connelly brothers, pioneer citizens.
Connelly Creek is a stream in Alberta, Canada.
Connelly had been tried for murder, while in the commission of a robbery, and was found guilty despite a defense revolving around a lack of intent for murder.
Connelly has a post office with ZIP code 12417, which opened on December 6, 1889.
Connelly has released solo recordings as well.
Connelly has served in the Illinois House of Representatives before becoming a senator.
Connelly introduced Haller in his bestselling 2005 novel The Lincoln Lawyer.
Connelly is a hamlet in Ulster County, New York, United States.
Connelly is also the founder and principal investigator of History Lab.
Connelly is best known for his first novel, Bringing Out the Dead, which was made into an eponymous film.
Connelly is the first man ever to have become a Barbershop Harmony Society International Championship gold medalist four times, first with Interstate Rivals in 1987 at the age of 22, then with Keepsake in 1992, with Platinum in 2000, and with Old School in 2011.
Connelly is the first woman to hold that title, and one of only two women on GSK's corporate executive team.
Connelly played 104 games in the Ontario Hockey Association.
Connelly pleaded autrefois acquit, or double jeopardy, however argument was rejected and he was convicted.
Connelly received his Ph.D. from University of Michigan in 1969.
Connelly's case was then heard at the Court of Appeal, where his conviction was overturned and Connelly was acquitted of murder and instead indicted for robbery.
Connelly School of the Holy Child is a Catholic, independent, college-preparatory school for girls, grades 6-12 located in Potomac, Maryland, USA.
Connelly served as a Lisle village trustee from 2001 to 2006.
Connelly's first novel of 2011 was the Mickey Haller novel The Fifth Witness.
Connelly's signature character Harry Bosch appears in the book but does not play a major role.
Connelly Township is a township in Wilkin County, Minnesota, United States.
Connelly Township was named for Edward Connelly, a pioneer settler and afterward county official.
Connelly v DPP [1964] AC 1254 was a landmark trial in the United Kingdom where the House of Lords ruled regarding double jeopardy in British law.
Connelly was awarded a MacArthur Fellowship in 1996.
Connelly was inspired to write the story by a friend who received an organ transplant.
Connelly was named Amnesty International Ambassador for Human Rights Education in 2005.
Connelly was offering to finance the project.
Connelly was the President of the Mystery Writers of America from 2003 to 2004.
Connelly won gold in 1987 with the quartet Interstate Rivals and again in 2011 with the quartet Old School.
Connelsville is an unincorporated community in Nineveh Township, Adair County, Missouri, United States.
Connemara, a division of Galway, was a UK Parliament constituency in Ireland, returning one Member of Parliament (MP) from 1885 to 1922.
Connemara Community Radio is a community-based radio station broadcasting for 10 hours per day throughout the north-west Connemara region of Ireland.
Connemara Hill Lamb (Irish: Uaineoil Chnoic Chonamara) is a variety of lamb which was granted Protected Geographical Indication status under European Union law in 1999.
Connemara is a locality in Alberta, Canada.
Connemara is a region of County Galway in Ireland.
Connemara Public Library at Egmore in Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India, is one of the four National Depository Libraries which receive a copy of all books, newspapers and periodicals published in India.
Connemara RFC is an Irish rugby team based in Clifden, Connacht.
Connemara Smokehouse and Visitor Center is located at the Aillebrack fishing pier, a small harbor used by local fishermen and boat owners.
Conner also confessed but he later attempted to repudiate his admission.
Conner began his career with Screaming Trees in 1985 which lasted until their disbanding in 2000.
Conner Bleackley (born February 7, 1996) is a Canadian ice hockey player.
Conner Contemporary also participates in various international art fairs including Pulse London, Pulse Miami, Pulse New York and MACO, Mexico City.
Conner Contemporary Art is a fine art gallery in Washington, DC, United States, founded by Leigh Conner in 2000.
Conner Duthie (born 2 February 1997) is a Scottish footballer, who plays as a midfielder or striker for Stenhousemuir.
Conner earned a 2009 College Football All-America Team selection and was one of the best fullback prospects in the 2010 NFL Draft.
Conner finished his career with 3,070 passing yards.
Conner first allows doubt of his simulation when he breaks the sound delay displacement to set the sound of the blast "in sync" with the visual event.
Conner held several, concurrent titles during his last assignment including Commander, United States Submarine Forces (COMNAVSUBFOR), Commander, Submarine Forces Atlantic (COMSUBLANT) and Commander, Allied Submarine Command.
Conner himself was injured in a loss to West Virginia but returned to action late in the season when Henig was hurt again.
Conner House is a historic home located at Manassas Park, Virginia.
Conner McGlinchey (born 22 May 1993) is a Scottish professional footballer who plays for Arthurlie in the Scottish Junior Football Association, West Region.
Conner, officially the Municipality of Conner, (Ilokano: Ili ti Conner; Filipino: Bayan ng Conner), is a 2nd class municipality in the province of Apayao, Philippines.
Conner Prairie is an interactive history park, or living history museum, in Fishers, Indiana, United States, that preserves the William Conner home, which is listed on the National Register of Historic Places, and recreates part of life in Indiana in the 19th century on the White River.
Conner Prairie keeps the legend alive every Halloween by telling of how a ghost of a tormented grave-robber traded in cadavers, until one night he dug up his own son's body, haunts the woods that line the roadway.
Conner received a bachelor's degree from Central Washington University, followed by a Master of Business Administration from the University of Puget Sound.
Conner Reeves (born 8 April 1972) is an English singer and songwriter.
Conner returned to the quarterback job when Henig was hurt in 2006, leading the Bulldogs to an overtime win over UAB with a 25-yard touchdown run.
Conners attended La Salle University and the Rutgers University Edward J. Bloustein School of Planning and Public Policy.
Conner's Bookstore, also known as Dallas Music, was a historic commercial building located in downtown Evansville, Indiana.
Conners competed in many British wrestling promotions, most notably New Generation Wrestling (NGW) and What Culture Pro Wrestling (WCPW), where he was a one-time WCPW Champion.
Conner sent the sloop-of-war St. Mary's to Tampico, the paddle frigate Mississippi to Veracruz, and the sloop-of-war Falmouth to Alvarado.
Conner served as head football coach at Concordia College Alabama in Selma, Alabama from 2014 until 2015 when that program was forced to shut down to budget cuts.
Conners Grove is an unincorporated community in Floyd County, Virginia, United States.
Conners has served on the Board of the Pennsauken High School Foundation, has been a board member of the Pennsauken Free Public Library and previously served as president of the Big Brothers / Big Sisters of Camden & Gloucester Counties.
Conners served in the Assembly on the Military and Veterans' Affairs Committee (as Chair), the Financial Institutions and Insurance Committee and the State Government Committee.
Conners served in the Delaware Army National Guard and the United States Army Reserve.
Conner stepped down and was replaced by Kevin McAllister in November 2016.
Connersville High School is located in Connersville, Indiana.
Connersville High School is the only high school in Fayette County, Indiana.
Connersville is an Amtrak station in Connersville, Indiana, served by the Cardinal.
Connersville is an unincorporated community in Harrison County, Kentucky, in the United States.
Connersville joined the Eastern Indiana Conference in 2013, while Jay County joined the Allen County Athletic Conference in 2014.
Connersville Township is one of nine townships in Fayette County, Indiana.
Conners was ordered to leave office in September 1998 and Republican Ken Faulkner was seated in his place.
Conners was succeeded in the Assembly by Troy Singleton, who was selected to fill the vacant seat and defended it as an incumbent in the general election.
Conner's work has been shown at museums internationally and included in such collections as the Museum of Modern Art, the Metropolitan Museum of Art, the Sackler Gallery in Washington, D.C., the Australian National Gallery in Canberra, the Victoria and Albert Museum in London and the British Library.
Connerton argues that modernity is characterized by a particular sort of forgetting "associated with processes that separate social life from locality and from human dimensions: superhuman speed, megacities that are so enormous as to be unmemorable, comsumerism disconnected from the labor process, the short lifespan of urban architecture, the disappearance of walkable cities."
Connerton described his college's mission in the following words: "King's teaches students not only how to make a living, but how to live."
Connerton Elementary was constructed in the area.
Connerton followed up this work with How Modernity Forgets (2009), which emphasizes what Connerton calls "place memory," or memory that is dependent upon topography and particularly upon topography as it relates to the human body.
Connerton is a census-designated place in Pasco County, Florida, United States, off U.S. 41.
Connerton is an unincorporated community in Schuylkill County, Pennsylvania, United States.
Connerton's first book, How Societies Remember (1989), opened the discussion of collective memory (per Maurice Halbwachs and others) to include bodily gestures, finding in clothing, manners, musical performance, and other socially negotiated practices locii where memory is "silted" (to use his verb) into human corporeal consciousness and praxis.
Connerton was built as a large housing development in 1923 by Buffalo labor racketeer William "Fingy" Conners.
Conner Vernon (born August 18, 1990) is an American football wide receiver who is currently a free agent.
Connerville is a rural unincorporated community on the Blue River in Johnston County, Oklahoma, United States.
Conner was crowned by outgoing titleholder Chelsea Cooley of North Carolina.
Conner was famously forgiven by Donald Trump and remained Miss USA 2006.
Conner was the 14th selection in the first round of the 1982 NBA Draft, selected by his hometown Golden State Warriors, for whom he played the first four years of his 12 season NBA career.
Connery dropped out and was replaced with Hopkins, and The Mask of Zorro began filming in January 1997 at Estudios Churubusco in Mexico City, Mexico.
Connery encounters a former lover there (Brooke Adams), who is neglected by her Cuban husband (Chris Sarandon).
Connery has been polled as "The Greatest Living Scot" and "Scotland's Greatest Living National Treasure".
Connery is a British mercenary who travels to Cuba, which is on the brink of revolution with the authority of dictator Fulgencio Batista steadily collapsing.
Connery later acknowledged that the inspiration for his role was indeed Salinger.
Connery played the role of James Bond for the seventh and final time, marking his return to the character 12 years after Diamonds Are Forever.
Connery's role is that of a minor gangster who has a speech impediment.
Connery was educated at Glenlawn Collegiate in St. Vital, Manitoba, and later worked as a market gardener.
Connery was first elected to the Manitoba legislature in the 1986 provincial election, in the safe Tory seat of Portage la Prairie.
Connery was knighted in the 2000 New Year Honors for services to Film Drama.
Connery was re-elected in the 1988 election against a reasonably strong challenge from Liberal Darlene Hamm (he still won by over 1000 votes).
Connery was re-elected in the 1990 election.
Connery was the first actor to portray the character James Bond in film, starring in seven Bond films between 1962 and 1983.
Connery won one All-Ireland medal as a non-playing substitute.
Connesena Creek is a stream in Bartow County, in the U.S. state of Georgia.
Connesena Creek was named after an individual family of Cherokees which settled near its course.
Connes is married to Pierre Connes, a fellow astronomer; they often conducted research together.
Conness Lakes are a group of small lakes at the foot of Conness Glacier in Mono County, California, in the United States.
Connestee Falls and Batson Creek Falls are two waterfalls in Western North Carolina, located near Brevard.
Connetquot Central School District of Islip is a school district located in Bohemia, New York; Ronkonkoma, New York; Sayville, New York; and Oakdale, New York, in the United States.
Connetquot High School (CHS) is a public high school serving students from the communities of Bohemia, Sayville, West Sayville, Oakdale and Ronkonkoma in the ninth through twelfth grades located in Bohemia, New York and is part of the Connetquot Central School District.
Connetquot River State Park is also located in Bohemia.
Connetta is the second studio album of Japanese singer and actress Ami Suzuki on the Avex Trax label.
Conne was a community in Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada located on the Northern shore of Fortune Bay.
Connew subsequently worked as Director of Communications for the Sparks charity, and as a judge for the British Press Awards.
Connex Bus UK was a bus company operating services in Greater London.
Connexins (Cx) (TC# 1.A.24), or gap junction proteins, are structurally related transmembrane proteins that assemble to form vertebrate gap junctions.
Connexins, such as GJA10, are involved in the formation of gap junctions, intercellular conduits that directly connect the cytoplasms of contacting cells.
Connexionsbuses is a bus operator based in Borough of Harrogate.
Connexions was a UK governmental information, advice, guidance and support service for young people aged thirteen to nineteen (up to 25 for young people with learning difficulties and/or disabilities), created in 2000 following the Learning and Skills Act.
Connex Melbourne was a train operator in Melbourne, Australia.
Connexons made of the same type of connexins are considered homomeric, while connexons made of differing types of connexins are heteromeric.
Connex South Central was a train operating company in the United Kingdom owned by Connex that operated the Network SouthCentral franchise from May 1996 until August 2001.
Connex South Eastern was a train operating company in the United Kingdom owned by Connex that operated the South Eastern franchise from October 1996 until November 2003.
Connexus Internet is an Australian-owned and operated ASX-listed Internet service provider founded and based in Melbourne, Australia, in 1989, which primarily caters to the business sector.
Connexus is a member of the 'My Net Fone Group', an Australian telecommunication company offering VoIP and internet services.
Connexus specializes in business voice and data Internet solutions, in particular business broadband and hosting capabilities.
Connexxion bus service 104 crosses the Brouwersdam, bus service 133 (and others) the Grevelingendam.
Connexxion is a large public transport company in the Netherlands, operating in the west, middle, east and south-west parts of the country.
Connezac is a commune in the Dordogne department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in southwestern France.
Conn Francis Findlay (born April 24, 1930 in Stockton, California) is a four-time Olympic medalist, and is one of the few to medal in two distinct sports.
Conn had an 0-3 career record with 17.3 innings, and had 8 career hits in 30 at bats for a .267 average.
Connichi is an annual, 3-day anime convention in Germany and one of the largest of its kind in the German-speaking world with over 24,000 visitors in 2013.
Con-Nichiwa is an annual anime convention held during April at the Tucson Convention Center in Tucson, Arizona.
Connick and his Big Band went on a year-long world tour (the U.S., Europe, Japan and Australia), in support of the album.
Connick has also released the song on his Christmas Special VHS in 1994, and again on his DVD Harry for the Holidays (2003) as a bonus track featuring Connick and Kim Burrell.
Connick has been a critic of certain spending practices of the Crescent City Connection, a section of the Louisiana Department of Transportation and Development.
Connick has had the most No. 1 albums (11) on the Billboard Top Jazz Albums chart.
Connick plays every instrument and is the voice of every word heard on the four pieces.
Connick toured the United States and Europe with a full symphony orchestra backing him and his piano in each city.
Connick wrote the song about New Orleans when he was at his mother-in-law's (Glenna Goodacre) house in Santa Fe, New Mexico.
Connie Achurra is a Chilean television chef and healthy eating activist.
Connie also guest starred in an episode of Season 5.
Connie and Carla is a 2004 American comedy film directed by Michael Lembeck and starring Nia Vardalos, Toni Collette, and David Duchovny.
Connie Ann Kirk (born February 14, 1957) is an American author of over a dozen books.
Connie Beauchamp was introduced as a consultant in emergency medicine and Deputy Clinical Lead, in March 2014, over three years since her last appearance in Holby City.
Connie B. Gay, co-founder and first president of the CMA funded the award with his personal assets and established a trust, in his will, to ensure the perpetual viability of this award beyond his lifetime.
Connie Blair is the central character in a series of 12 mystery novels for adolescent girls written by Betty Cavanna under the pseudonym Betsy Allen.
Connie Bonaros is an Australian politician.
Connie Briscoe (born 1952) is an American writer of romantic and historical fiction.
Connie Britton has a recurring role as Ally, Bridgette's boss.
Connie Brockway (born December 16, 1954) is a best-selling American author of over twenty historical and contemporary romance novels since 1994.
Connie Bruck is an American journalist and a reporter on subjects covering business and politics.
Connie Carpenter-Phinney (born February 26, 1957 in Madison, Wisconsin) is an American retired racing cyclist and speed skater who won four medals in World Cycling Championship competitions (both road and track cycling) in the late 1970s and early 1980s.
Connie Cato (born March 30, 1955) is a country music singer.
Connie Chan Po-chu was born in 1947 to impoverished parents, one of at least nine siblings, in Guangdong, China.
Connie Chiu (born 1969) is the world's first fashion model with albinism.
Connie Chiu was first introduced to modeling when her sister asked her to become a model at one of her final shows.
Connie Chung Tonight is an American television newsmagazine hosted by Connie Chung.
Connie Clark entered the year as head coach of the Longhorns for an 18th consecutive season.
Connie Clausen (born Constance Clausen on June 11, 1923, in Menasha, Wisconsin, and died September 7, 1997, in New York City) was an actress, author, and literary agent.
Connie Colla is an American multi-million-dollar luxury realtor for Launch Real Estate Agency in Scottsdale, Arizona.
Connie Conway (born September 25, 1950) was a Republican politician from California.
Connie Cooner Rowe (born c. 1963) is an American politician who has served in the Alabama House of Representatives since 2014.
Connie Culp (born March 26, 1963) is the first United States recipient of a partial face transplant, performed at the Cleveland Clinic in December 2008.
Connie Deanovich (born 1960) is an American poet.
Connie debuted as a Sunday page on November 13, 1927.
Connie Dover is an American singer-songwriter who primarily writes and performs Celtic music and American folk music.
Connie Emerson is always quick with a wisecrack.
Connie Evingson (born in Hibbing, Minnesota) is an American singer who performs jazz and pop music.
Connie Field is a director of documentary features.
Connie Fife (1961-2017) was a Cree Canadian poet and editor.
Connie Finnan (born 20 May 1962) is an Irish professional darts player who competes in Professional Darts Corporation events.
Connie Fisher (born 17 June 1983) is a British actress, singer and tv presenter, who won the BBC One talent contest, How Do You Solve a Problem Like Maria?
Connie Fisher won the TV series and was cast as Maria in the London revival of the show that opened in November 2006 at the London Palladium.
Connie Francis sings Bacharach & David is studio album recorded by American entertainer Connie Francis.
Connie Francis sings Folk Song Favorites is a studio album of Folk Song recorded by U. S. Entertainer Connie Francis.
Connie Francis sings German Favorites is a studio album of German songs recorded by U. S. Entertainer Connie Francis.
Connie Francis sings Irish Favorites is a studio album recorded by U. S. Entertainer Connie Francis.
Connie Francis Sings Italian Favorites is a studio album recorded by American singer and entertainer Connie Francis.
Connie Francis sings Jewish Favorites is a studio album of Jewish songs recorded by U. S. entertainer Connie Francis.
Connie Francis Sings Spanish and Latin American Favorites is a studio album of Spanish and Latin American songs recorded by American entertainer Connie Francis.
Connie Francis sings The Songs of Les Reed is studio album recorded by U. S. Entertainer Connie Francis.
Connie Garner (born 22 May 1979) is a fitness competitor and NABBA Miss World Fitness.
Connie Gault (born March 6, 1949, in Central Butte, Saskatchewan) is a Canadian novelist, playwright and short story writer.
Connie Glacier is in Bridger-Teton National Forest, in the U.S. state of Wyoming on the west of the Continental Divide in the Wind River Range.
Connie Green was a member of the Irish republican paramilitary group Saor Uladh.
Connie Hall (born June 24, 1929 in Walden, Kentucky) is an American country music singer who had brief success as a country music artist in the late 1950s and 1960s.
Connie has twice been a finalist for the AFIM Indie Award, and other accolades for her music include being named a Top Ten Folk Release by Tower Records' Pulse! Magazine, a Winning Favorite Folk Release by The Scotsman, Scotland's National Newspaper, a Boston Globe Top Ten Folk Release, a nomination for Scotland's Living Tradition Award Album of the Year and a Creative Achievement Award from Time Warner's Hollywood On-Line.
Connie in the Country is the seventh studio album recorded by American country artist, Connie Smith.
Connie is a 1985 British television drama series.
Connie Isabelle Kaldor, CM (born 9 May 1953) is a Canadian folk singer-songwriter.
Connie is an American adventure comic strip created by the cartoonist Frank Godwin, who introduced a book illustration style to the comics page.
Connie is a very snoopy person, leading to her nickname 'Curious Connie'.
Connie is best known for her singles "Funky Little Beat" and "Rock Me".
Connie Isler (born December 16, 1983) is the youngest head coach in any NCAA Division I sport.
Connie J. Cierpiot (born June 6, 1953) was an American politician.
Connie Jones (born 1934) is an American jazz trumpeter and cornetist from New Orleans.
Connie Kay Nass is an American politician from the state of Indiana.
Connie Keane (born 1930) was an Irish hurler who played as a right wing-back for the Tipperary senior team.
Connie Kendall Varnhagen (born 16 December) is an American professor of psychology and academic director of the undergraduate research initiative at the University of Alberta in Edmonton, Alberta.
Connie Ladenburg is an American politician of the Democratic Party.
Connie Laliberte is a Canadian curler from Manitoba and world champion.
Connie LeGrand (born in Columbus, Ohio) is an American television journalist who has served in broadcasting in South Carolina and was host of Speed News (now The Speed Report) from 2004 to 2006.
Connie-Leigh Rixon (born 12 May 1997) is a Maltese international lawn bowler.
Connie Leon (Cheshire, England, 1881 - Los Angeles, California, 10 May 1955) was an English singer, dancer and film actress.
Connie Leyva is an American politician currently serving in the California State Senate.
Connie lost her battle with pancreatic cancer on Feb. 28th 2012.
Connie Lou Weigleb Sipes is a former Democratic member of the Indiana Senate, representing the 46th District from 1997 to 2011.
Connie Mack lost a lawsuit to prevent this, so he built the high right-field 'spite' fence.
Connie Mack Rea (born January 27, 1935) is an American former professional basketball player.
Connie Mack Stadium was once the home of the Philadelphia Athletics of the American League (AL) and the Philadelphia Phillies of the National League.
Connie Mack, who managed the Philadelphia Athletics for 50 years, is the all-time leader in both wins and losses.
Connie Martinez, better known as Connie, is a singer of freestyle music and dance-pop.
Connie Martyn was an Australian actress of stage and screen best known for playing Ma Rudd in Dad and Dave Come to Town.
Connie Mason (born August 24, 1937 in Washington, D.C.) is an American model and actress who was Playboy magazine's Playmate of the Month for its June 1963 issue.
Connie Mathisen is a Norwegian handball player.
Connie McBooker was an American blues pianist based in Houston, Texas, United States.
Connie M. Doepke (born 1946) is a Minnesota politician and former member of the Minnesota House of Representatives representing District 33B, which included the Lake Minnetonka area cities of Deephaven, Excelsior, Greenwood, Long Lake, Minnetonka Beach, Orono, Shorewood, Tonka Bay, Wayzata, Woodland, and western Minnetonka in Hennepin County, which is part of the Twin Cities metropolitan area.
Connie Meiling (born 29 November 1930) is a retired Danish child actress of the 1930s.
Connie M'Gadzah (born 1971) is a Zimbabwe-born actor who is best known for his role as Lucas Madikame in The Archers.
Connie Mofokeng (born 1959) is a South African, Black woman, and anti-apartheid activist.
Connie Moran (born May 18, 1956) is the former mayor of Ocean Springs, Mississippi.
"Connie" M. Rockosi is a chair of the Astronomy and Astrophysics Department at the University of California, Santa Cruz.
Connie Needham (born December 5, 1959) is an American actress and dance instructor.
Connie Oustainge (married name Connie Miles), was a female English international table tennis player.
Connie Passalacqua Hayman is an American journalist and educator.
Connie Polman-Tuin (born 10 January 1963) is a Canadian athlete.
Connie Price and the Keystones is a project helmed by guitarist/multi-instrumentalist Dan Ubick from Los Angeles, California who combine influences of funk, hip-hop and soul.
Connie Price-Smith (born Constance Marie Price 3 June 1962 in St. Charles, Missouri) is an American shot putter and discus thrower.
Connie Ray studied acting at East Carolina University.
Connie Regan-Blake (Born January 20, 1947) is an American storyteller, author, and workshop facilitator.
Connie Romano (Italian: Connie Romano) is an American actress, producer and host.
Connie Rose Porter (born July 29, 1959) is an African-American writer of young-adult books, and a teacher of creative writing.
Connie Ruel is an American restaurateur, writer, and food and wine instructor.
Connie S.A. Macatuno is a Filipino film and television director, producer, screenwriter and artist.
Connie Samaras is a Los Angeles-based artist who works mostly in photography and video.
Connie Schultz (born July 21, 1957) is an American writer and journalist.
Connie's Country is the twelfth studio album by American country music artist, Connie Smith.
Connie's Greatest Hits is a studio album by U. S. Entertainer Connie Francis.
Connie Sheehan was an Irish sportsman.
Connie Siskowski is a United States activist for young people who are caring for ill, disabled, or aging family members.
Connie Sison and Ivan Mayrina were the final anchors of the newscast.
Connie Sison (born on December 8, 1975 in Pasig City, Philippines) is a Filipino television reporter, host and news anchor.
Connie Skov Hyde (born 15 November 1969) is an English actress.
Connie Smith (born Constance June Meador; August 14, 1941) is an American country music artist.
Connie Smith is the debut self-titled studio album by American country music artist, Connie Smith.
Connie Smith is the thirty second studio album by American country music artist, Connie Smith.
Connie Smith Now is the eighth compilation album by American country artist Connie Smith.
Connie Smith Now was Connie Smith's last official studio album released under RCA Victor Records.
Connie Smith sang some of Tootsie's favorite hymns at the funeral.
Connie Smith's Greatest Hits, Vol. 1 consisted of ten songs that had been hit singles by Connie Smith, including her #1 hit single, "Once a Day," and "Ribbon of Darkness", among others.
Connie Smith's Greatest Hits, Vol. 1 is the seventh compilation album by American country music artist, Connie Smith.
Connie Smith Sings Bill Anderson is the eighth studio album by American country artist, Connie Smith.
Connie Smith Sings Great Sacred Songs is the fourth studio album by American country music artist, Connie Smith.
Connie Smith Sings Hank Williams Gospel is the twenty sixth studio album by American country music artist, Connie Smith.
Connie's role in Holby City was that of Clinical Lead of Cardiothoracic Surgery in Darwin, and Joint Director of Surgery.
Connie Stevens (born Concetta Rosalie Ann Ingoglia; August 8, 1938) is an American actress, director, screenwriter, producer, cinematographer, editor, and singer.
Connie Stokes (born September 3, 1953) is an American politician from the state of Georgia.
Connie Sue Clark (born December 20, 1965) is an American softball coach.
Connie's work as a writer and composer has flourished alongside her performance career.
Connie Talbot (born 20 November 2000) is a British teen singer.
Connie Talbot's Christmas Album, sometimes referred to as Connie's Christmas Album or just Christmas Album, is the second album by the English child singer Connie Talbot, released on 24 November 2008.
Connie Talbot's Holiday Magic is the third album by British child singer Connie Talbot.
Connie the Cow is a Spanish-German children's television series created by Josep Viciana, and designed by Roman Rybakiewicz.
Connie Thembi Mitchell (born ca. 1977), also known as Miss Connie, is a South African-born Australian singer-songwriter.
Connie then moved clubs and was a multiple county club championship medalist with Thurles Sarsfields.
Connie Walker is an award winning Cree journalist.
Connie Wanek is an American poet.
Connie was a rival of Roger's sister Sheila Young, who was a world top competitor both in speed skating and cycling.
Connie Wilkins (who often uses the pseudonym Sacchi Green) is an author of lesbian themed science fiction and fantasy erotica published under the title Wild Flesh.
Connie Williams was born in Trinidad.
Connie Willis has received the most Hugos for Best Novella at four, and at eight is tied for the most nominations with Robert Silverberg.
Connie Wisnwiewski was also in that league, who had also come to the Grand Rapids Chicks.
Connie Young (born 1974) is an American actress.
Connie Young Yu (born 1941) is a Chinese American writer, historian, and lecturer.
Conniff earned his BA in Latin American Studies at the University of California, Berkeley, in 1968, followed by an MA in the same field at Stanford in 1969.
Conniff himself never liked this album and felt under pressure by producer and a&r chief Mitch Miller to record it.
Conniff spent 1971-75 in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, where he conducted research for his doctorate in Brazilian history at Stanford.
Conn Iggulden also published a novel, Wolf of the Plains, about Genghis Khan, which, along with The Dangerous Book for Boys, allowed Iggulden to be the first author to reach the number one spot in both the fiction and non-fiction charts.
Connigis is a commune in the Aisne department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Connill allegedly secured the position by bribing Fitzwilliam with two gold chains that had been recovered from the wreck of the Spanish Armada in Ireland.
Connill backed one of the candidates, Sir Donnell O'Donnell until his death at the Battle of Doire Leathan in 1590.
Connill's arrival coincided with a succession dispute amongst the O'Donnell dynasty to establish the next ruler of Tyrconnell, even while the current incumbent Sir Hugh Roe O'Donnell was still alive.
Conning (born 11 January 1981), better known by the stage name Verb T is a UK hip-hop artist based in London.
Conningbrook Lakes Country Park is a 34.3-hectare (85-acre) nature reserve on the eastern outskirts of Ashford in Kent.
Conning is a global investment management firm serving the insurance industry.
Conning supports institutional investors, including pension plans, with investment and asset management products, risk modeling software, and industry research.
Conning Towers Nautilus Park is a census-designated place (CDP) in the town of Groton in New London County, Connecticut, United States.
Connirae Andreas has also worked with her husband Steve Andreas since 1977, in multiple areas of NLP.
Connirae Andreas is an American author and psychotherapist who is known for her work within the field of Neuro-linguistic programming (NLP).
Connirae Andreas studied undergraduate psychology at the University of Kansas in 1975.
CONN is a Matlab-based cross-platform imaging software for the computation, display, and analysis of functional connectivity in fMRI (functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging) in the resting state and during task.
Conn is an unincorporated community in Caddo Parish, Louisiana, United States.
Conn is an unincorporated community in Copiah County, Mississippi, United States.
CONN is available as a SPM toolbox and it is freely available for non-commercial use.
Conn is known for his catchphrase "Strewth!", usually coupled with a statement that will come back to haunt him in the most dramatic way possible the next day.
Conn is renowned in journalistic circles for his expert use of the literary technique, "brutal irony".
Connithorax is a genus of spiders in the Linyphiidae family.
Connivance is the act of conniving or conspiring, especially with the knowledge of and active or passive consent to wrongdoing or a twist in truth, to make something appear as something that it is not.
Connix is a minor character in The Force Awakens, and becomes more prominent in the sequel, The Last Jedi.
Conn joined The Kavli Foundation in 2009.
Conn, known as Terri Colombino during the majority of her years on the show, is considered to be one of the most popular young heroines to appear on ATWT in its final decade.
Connla's Well is known from the Dindsenchas.
ConnMan is an internet connection manager for embedded devices running the Linux operating system.
Connmhach is the earliest recorded King of Ui Fiachrach Muaidhe, and was descended from the Kings of Connacht of the Ui Fiachrach dynasty.
Connmhach mac Duinn Cothaid, King of Ui Fiachrach Muaidhe, died 787.
ConnNet was a packet switched data network operated by the Southern New England Telephone Company serving the U.S. state of Connecticut.
ConnNet was the nation's first local public packet switching network when it was launched on March 11, 1985.
Conn N. McCreary (June 17, 1921 - June 29, 1979) was a United States Hall of Fame jockey and trainer in Thoroughbred horse racing who won four American Classic Races.
Conn Nugent (born September 13, 1946) is President of the Heinz Center for Science, Economics and the Environment, a Washington think-tank.
Connochaetes includes two species, both native to Africa: the black wildebeest, or white-tailed gnu (C. gnou); and the blue wildebeest, or brindled gnu (C. taurinus).
Connock was a tanner from Wiltshire.
Conn O'Donnell was killed during the siege, while fighting for the Crown.
Conn Oge O'Donnell (died 1601) was a member of the O'Donnell dynasty of Donegal.
Connoire Bay is natural bay or cove on the island of Newfoundland in the province of Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.
Connoisseur - An expert able to appreciate a field; especially in the fine arts.
Connoisseur Media is an American media company based in Westport, Connecticut and led by Jeff Warshaw.
Connoisseur operates 39 radio stations and digital assets in 11 markets across the U.S. with a focus on the New York City media market, including Long Island, Connecticut and New Jersey.
Connoisseur's Bakery (commonly referred to simply as Connoisseurs) is a large bakery company in Newtownards, Northern Ireland.
Connoisseurs consider it one of the best coffees in the world, even though it is only available from a few distributors.
Connoisseur Selection is a brand of handmade premium cigar owned by Holt's Cigar Company,Inc..
Connoisseurs of these 'Indian' scrambled egg varieties would argue that egg bhurjee and akuri are almost identical but distinct in taste.
Connoisseur was the brand name of the products manufactured by the British manufacturer of Hi-Fi Equipment Sugden and Co Ltd, more particularly turntables.
Connolley received national press attention over several years for his involvement in editing Wikipedia articles relating to climate change.
Connolley was a member of the RealClimate website until 2007 and now operates a website and blog that discuss climate issues.
Connollising can not fix cracks or extremely dry leather.
Connollising fixes the "wear and tear" of the surface due to typical usage and age (and possibly some neglect).
Connollising involves the leather surface more than the leather itself.
Connolly (1928 - 27 November 2012) was a famous Canadian sports broadcaster.
Connolly also appeared on radio station 3AW's AFL coverage as a boundary rider and in other on-air roles until the end of 2011 after which he joined 1116 SEN.
Connolly also highlighted the assistance Norris had provided to Ezra Nawi and his associates with their legal difficulties in Israel.
Connolly also reached the world of interiors and design, with Mies Van Der Rohe's original Barcelona chairs upholstered with Connolly leather as well as the benches in Britain's Houses of Parliament together with many other parliaments around the world.
Connolly and Brownell were working on Horizon at the time Orwell was on Jura, in bad health, writing Nineteen Eighty-Four.
Connolly, a Scarborough resident and attorney based in Portland's Old Port, ran for Governor of Maine in 1998 against incumbent unenrolled Angus King, receiving 13%.
Connolly attempted to persuade the others to rejoin, but not Stewart, who he believed had hoped to move the party to reformism.
Connolly Barracks is a military installation in Longford, Ireland.
Connolly became a player-manager with Blyth Spartans and then managed Whitley Bay, Queen of the South and St Johnstone.
Connolly began his career with Queen's Park before joining Dundee United in 2013, and also played for Brechin City on loan.
Connolly began his media career writing for The Sun News-Pictorial in 1983 before moving to The Age in 1987, where he has been ever since.
Connolly Center is a 999-seat multi-purpose arena in Seattle, Washington.
Connolly Center was also used for College Basketball Invitational games in mid-March in 2015 and 2016.
Connolly combines observations of current political situations with remembrances of his own childhood during the performance.
Connolly developed this methodology to make more consistent stroke infarcts in primates, which would improve the detection of differences in stroke treatment groups, and "provide important information not obtainable in rodent models.".
Connolly died in 1997 and Tucker in 2002.
Connolly earned a Royal Warrant, being appointed Leather Tanners and Curriers to Queen Elizabeth II.
Connolly earned one full international cap for Scotland.
Connolly graduated from York University in 1985 with a Bachelor of Arts with honors and currently resides in Toronto with his partner, Canadian writer Gil Adamson.
Connolly had begun recording this album with the band at the TownHouse Studio in Shepherd's Bush, London, but his vocals were subsequently wiped and replaced by vocals from bass player Steve Priest and guitarist Andy Scott.
Connolly has also appeared in Coronation Street, That Peter Kay Thing, Phoenix Nights, Max and Paddy's Road To Nowhere, Thin Ice and Dead Man Weds.
Connolly has also represented the Republic of Ireland at under-21 level.
Connolly has been tapped to pen the script for a Metal Gear film.
Connolly has previously played in the National Hockey League for the Colorado Avalanche.
Connolly has served as an editor for presses such as ECW Press, House of Anansi Press and Coach House Press.
Connolly incorporates the strategies and technique of language poetry in his work and his poetry has appeared in a number of small presses, including The Monika Schnarre story and Deathcake.
Connolly is a camogie player who was an All Star winner in 2010 and 2011 and a member of the Team of the Championship for 2011.
Connolly is an Irish film director, screenwriter and producer living in Dublin.
Connolly is a northern suburb of Perth, Western Australia, located within the City of Joondalup adjacent to Joondalup's central business district.
Connolly is best known as the director and writer of the feature films Balibo, Three Dollars and The Bank, and the producer of the high-profile Australian films Romulus, My Father and The Boys.
Connolly is founder and Co-Director of Una - A Global Learning Initiative on Children and Ethnic Diversity.
Connolly is known for his fire designed custom made Les Paul guitar designed by Epiphone, but has since switched to Dean Guitars.
Connolly is the former Deputy Secretary of State and Director of New Hampshire Bureau of Securities Regulation.
Connolly leather gained such prominence in the world of luxury travel beyond cars, such as private jets and yachts, that it was selected for high profile projects as Concorde and the Queen Elizabeth 2 ocean liner.
Connolly Leather Limited was a British company that supplied highly finished leather primarily to car manufacturers, founded in 1878.
Connolly Leather was also used by Luxman and "retro-design" transistor radios from British manufacturer Roberts.
Connolly left the group in 1979 to start a solo career and the remaining members continued as a trio until disbanding in 1981.
Connolly married with Lori Kirkley on March 24, 2001.
Connolly never played at senior level with Tipperary.
Connolly offered his resignation which, to his surprise, was accepted.
Connolly played eight seasons for the New England Patriots, winning Super Bowl XLIX over the Seattle Seahawks in his final season.
Connolly played for St Johnstone, Everton, Birmingham City, Newcastle United, Hibernian, Gateshead and Blyth Spartans during an 18-year playing career.
Connolly, playing acoustic guitar, is joined on stage by female backing vocalist Julienne Taylor and, from the bridge onwards, a pipe band.
Connolly received four Academy Awards nominations, all in the category of Best Dance Direction, for his work on the films Go Into Your Dance (1935), Broadway Hostess (1935), Cain and Mabel (1936), and Ready, Willing and Able (1937).
Connolly replies that the tree only needs to be watered (that nationalism only needs to be tended to).
Connolly represents Laramie, the city in which Matthew Shepard was murdered in 1998 in an anti-gay hate crime.
Connolly rewrote Kong: Skull Island (2017), for Warner Bros. and Legendary Pictures.
Connolly said that the challenges were his ideas, and the idea was to show a legless man do actions thought impossible for him.
Connollys Creek, a watercourse of the Manning River catchment, is located in the Mid North Coast region of New South Wales, Australia.
Connolly served as Australia's High Commissioner to South Africa between 1998 and 2002 with accreditation to Botswana, Lesotho and Swaziland.
Connolly shared memories with Orwell of prep school, Eton and the Spanish Civil War.
Connolly's main character, Naylor, starts with a study of the decadent inhabitants of the resort and ends up becoming one of them.
Connolly's main research interests are Roman republicanism, rhetoric, civic discourse, classical reception, and the role that esthetic experience plays in the formation of political judgment.
Connollys Mill is a heritage-listed wheat mill at Sloane Street, Goulburn, Goulburn Mulwaree Council, New South Wales, Australia.
Connolly's newspaper, The Harp, described the proceedings in a manner to which Stewart objected, and he sued for libel, the first of four such actions.
Connolly's performances at the Apollo had been well received by critics.
Connolly's quarry, now closed, was located five miles south of Bathurst, New Brunswick, in Canada.
Connolly's smart, playful style and smooth commanding voice often draw comparison to comedian Steve Martin.
Connolly supplied most of the leather for the British car industry, including but not limited to Aston Martin & Lagonda, Rolls-Royce & Bentley, Jaguar & Daimler, and Rover cars including its Land Rover and Range Rover vehicles as well as some MG and Mini models during the Rover Group era. Non-British makes included Ferrari, Maserati, Lincoln and Honda.
Connolly was a fast bowler early in his career, but slowed his pace to increase his accuracy and became a reliable support bowler in partnership with Garth McKenzie.
Connolly was also reported to be working on a remake of the film Flight of the Navigator as well as writing an upcoming Pixar film with Teddy Newton.
Connolly was also Vice-President of the Royal Historical Society from 2014 to 2016, and was twice editor of the journal Irish Economic and Social History (from 1982 to 1990, and from 2000 to 2002).
Connolly was a native of Ballyfoyle in the Ballylinan parish but played all his club football with the Carlow border club, Graiguecullen.
Connolly was a private in the 63rd Regiment who arrived in the colony in 1829 and who farmed at Upper Swan and Bindoon after being discharged in 1834.
Connolly was first elected to the legislature in 2008, winning the primary election unopposed.
Connolly was inducted into the Nova Scotia Sports Hall of Fame in 1999.
Connolly was listed on Variety's Ten Screenwriters to Watch in 2012.
Connolly won by 981 votes, or 0.43%.
Conn O'Neill was a member of the O'Neill dynasty, the most powerful Gaelic family in Ireland.
Connon is a hamlet near Liskeard in Cornwall, England.
Connon is in the civil parish of St Pinnock.
Connop played 210 consecutive games with the Eskimos from 1983 until his retirement following the 1997 season.
Connop played CIS football at Wilfrid Laurier Golden Hawks.
Connopus is a fungal genus in the family Marasmiaceae.
Connoquenessing is a borough in Butler County, Pennsylvania, United States.
Connoquenessing Township is a township in Butler County, Pennsylvania, United States.
Connor Alexander Kirby (born 10 September 1998) is a football player who plays as a Midfielder for Championship club Sheffield Wednesday.
Connor and Garret Sullivan are two young American child actors.
Connor Anthony Mahoney (born 12 February 1997) is an English professional footballer who plays as a winger for Championship club Birmingham City, on loan from AFC Bournemouth of the Premier League.
Connor Anton Brown (born 2 October 1991) is an English professional footballer plays as a right back for National League club Barrow.
Connor Arendell (born March 30, 1990 in Fort Myers, Florida) is an American professional golfer.
Connor assumed the position following the resignation of Emily McAsey in June 2017.
Connor Austin Lammert (born August 31, 1994) is an American professional basketball player for Cyberdyne Ibaraki Robots in Japan.
Connor Behan is a Grand Prix motorcycle racer from Great Britain.
Connor believes that spiritual oppression is a real part of biblical metaphysics, which includes angels, demons and Satan.
Connor Bell (born 15 July 1996) is an English professional footballer, who plays for Greenock Morton.
Connor Bevans (born November 22, 1994) is an American soccer player.
Connor Blakely (born 2 March 1996) is an Australian rules footballer who plays for the Fremantle Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL).
Connor (born 14 October 1970) is an Anguillan football player.
Connor Brandt (born September 15, 1992) is an American soccer player.
Connor Brickley (born February 25, 1992) is an American professional hockey center for the Nashville Predators in the National Hockey League (NHL).
Connor Brown (born January 14, 1994) is a Canadian professional ice hockey right winger currently playing with the Toronto Maple Leafs of the National Hockey League (NHL).
Connor Bryant Scott (born October 8, 1999) is a baseball outfielder in the Miami Marlins organization.
Connor Byrne is an Irish-born actor, best known for his role as Mike Milligan in The Story of Tracy Beaker, Tracy Beaker Returns and The Dumping Ground.
Connor Byrne, who plays Mike Milligan, is currently appearing in his tenth series and has been in all three shows.
Connor Calcutt (born 10 October 1993) is an English professional footballer who plays as a forward for Farnborough in the Southern League Premier Division.
Connor Campbell was convicted in November 2016 and has called Galliford every day since the life sentence began.
Connor Carrick (born April 13, 1994) is an American professional ice hockey defenseman.
Connor Cecil Williams (born 7 August 1973 in Gujarat) is an Indian first class cricketer, who plays for Baroda.
Connor Chapman (born 31 October 1994 in Sydney) is an Australian professional footballer contracted to the K League Classic club Pohang Steelers.
Connor Charles Smith (born 14 October 1996) is an English semi-professional footballer who plays as a winger for Northern Premier League Division One East club Frickley Athletic.
Connor contested the 1990 federal election in the seat of Cunningham and received 12.8% of the vote, contesting Throsby in 1993 and received 10.48% of the vote.
Connor Cook (born January 29, 1993) is an American football quarterback for the Oakland Raiders of the National Football League (NFL).
Connor Creek has the name of James Connor, a pioneer citizen.
Connor Creek is a locality in Alberta, Canada.
Connor Creek is an unincorporated community located in Cassia County between Malta and Elba in the southern portion of the U.S. state of Idaho.
Connor Dantzler (born 23 February 1994), of Damascus, Maryland, was an accomplished youth American amateur athlete.
Connor-Davidson Resilience Scale (CD-RISC) was developed by Kathryn M. Connor and Jonathan R.T. Davidson as a means of assessing resilience.
Connor David Syme (born 11 July 1995) is a Scottish professional golfer.
Connor debuted in 2001 under the guidance of artist manager George Glueck and became the first solo act to ever have four consecutive chart-topping hits on the German Singles Chart.
Connor De Phillippi (born December 25, 1992) is an American professional racing driver, and BMW Motorsport works driver.
Connor Edwards (born 28 June 1997) is a Welsh rugby union player who plays for Dragons as a center.
Connor Essam (born 9 July 1992) is an English professional footballer who plays as a defender for Dover Athletic.
Connor Farrer (born 6 June 1995) is a Welsh rugby league footballer who plays for the West Wales Raiders in Betfred League 1.
Connor Fields (born September 14, 1992) is an American professional BMX racer.
Connor Gaston is a Canadian film director based in British Columbia, known for making films with religious themes.
Connor Gibbs (born February 2, 2001) is an American child actor.
Connor Glennon (born 2 February 1993) is a British tennis player.
Connor graduated from the Southern Baptist Theological Seminary in Louisville, Kentucky and holds a doctor of ministry degree.
Connor Grimes (born May 6, 1983 in Duncan, British Columbia) is a field hockey player from Canada.
Connor Halliday (born March 23, 1992) is an American football quarterback who is currently a free agent.
Connor Hallisey (born February 9, 1993) is a former American soccer player who last played for Sporting Kansas City in Major League Soccer.
Connor Hamlett (born April 12, 1992) is an American football tight end who is currently a free agent.
Connor Harris (born June 22, 1993) is an American football inside linebacker who is currently a free agent.
Connor has also been a football manager, managing Ayr United between 2005 and 2007.
Connor has a recurring role in season three, becomes a regular in season four, and has his last television appearance in the series finale as a guest star.
Connor has exhibited in New Zealand and internationally.
Connor has interests in neuroaesthetics, the relation between neuroscience and beauty.
Connor has received attention in academic texts related to family studies and masculinity in fiction.
Connor has released various mixtapes and an album effort during his career including the Jay-Z inspired The Blue Album, and the Eminem inspired The People's Rapper LP.
Connor has worked as a writer for programs including Charlie Brooker's Weekly Wipe, The Jonathan Ross Show and This Week and writes journalism for BBC News and The Guardian.
Connor Hawke is a fictional DC Comics superhero who operated as the second Green Arrow, created by Kelley Puckett and Jim Aparo.
Connor Hellebuyck is the only player to have won the award more than once, winning in consecutive years 2013 and 2014.
Connor holds several athletics world records in the class of T42, or above-knee, amputee.
Connor House is an historic building located in Rock Island, Illinois, United States.
Connor, however, proved a less popular character, and the original Oliver Queen character was resurrected in the 2001 "Quiver" storyline, by writer Kevin Smith.
Connor Hughes (born October 4, 1983) is a former American football placekicker.
Connor Hunte (born 12 September 1996) is an English footballer who plays as a winger for Vanarama National league South Division club Billericay Town.
Connor invited the girls onto the stage to perform two numbers.
Connor is a fictional character created by Joss Whedon and Tim Minear for the television series Angel.
Connor is a former ballet dancer with the Royal Ballet.
Connor is a mixed media artist and often utilizes everyday objects in her installations.
Connor is an English film and television director currently based in Hollywood.
Connor is an unorganized territory (township) in Aroostook County, Maine, United States.
Connor is a professor for the Photography Department at the San Francisco Art Institute, where she has taught since 1969.
Connor is the head of The Connor Group, a real estate investment firm.
Connor is the son of Oliver Queen, the original Green Arrow, and his former girlfriend Sandra "Moonday" Hawke.
Connor James (born August 25, 1982 in Calgary, Alberta) is a professional ice hockey center currently an unrestricted free agent.
Connor James Dimaio (born 28 January 1996) is a professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Stockport County and represents the Republic of Ireland at youth level.
Connor James Marsh (born 20 October 1999 in Bury, Greater Manchester, England) is a television actor.
Connor James Ripley (born 13 February 1993) is an English professional footballer who plays for Accrington Stanley, on loan from Middlesbrough, as a goalkeeper.
Connor Jason Furlong is a Scottish professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Southern League Division One Central club Bedford Town.
Connor Jessop (born December 27, 1993) is an American football quarterback.
Connor Joel Franta (born September 12, 1992) is an American YouTuber, entrepreneur, entertainer, and writer.
Connor Jones (born August 16, 1990) is a Canadian professional ice hockey forward who is currently playing for the Bridgeport Sound Tigers in the American Hockey League (AHL).
Connor Joseph O'Grady (born 5 December 1997) is a football player who plays as a Defender for Championship club Sheffield Wednesday.
Connor Knapp (born May 1, 1990) is an American professional ice hockey goaltender.
Connor Krempicki (born 14 September 1994) is a German footballer who plays as a midfielder for KFC Uerdingen.
Connor Lade (born November 16, 1989) is an American soccer player currently playing for New York Red Bulls of Major League Soccer.
Connor Lambert Goldson (born 18 December 1992) is an English professional footballer who plays for Scottish Premiership club Rangers.
Connor Lemonheigh-Evans (born 24 January 1997) is a Welsh footballer who plays for Bristol City.
Connor Long (born July 24, 1986) is an American electronic musician from Saint Johnsbury, Vermont who releases music under the name Khonnor.
Connor MacLeod, also known as The Highlander, is a fictional character in the Highlander film series, as well as the television programs Highlander: The Series, and Highlander: The Animated Series.
Connor Maloney (born May 18, 1995) is an American professional soccer player who plays for MLS club Columbus Crew SC as a fullback.
Connor Mark Simpson (born 24 January 2000) is an English professional footballer who plays as a forward for Championship side Preston North End.
Connor Mark Waldon (born 13 February 1995) is an English footballer who is who plays for Swindon Supermarine.
Connor Matthew Hall (born 18 February 1998) is an English professional footballer who plays as a forward for Championship club Bolton Wanderers.
Connor McCullagh (born 22 March 1961) is an Irish athlete.
Connor McDonald (born 15 April 1994) is a Scottish professional footballer, currently playing as a left back or midfielder for Livingston in the Scottish Championship.
Connor McGovern (born April 27, 1993) is an American football guard for the Denver Broncos of the National Football League (NFL).
Connor McGovern (born November 3, 1997) is an American football center for the Penn State Nittany Lions.
Connor McLennan (born 5 October 1999) is a Scottish professional footballer who plays as a forward for Aberdeen.
Connor McManus (born 29 February 1996) is a Scottish footballer, who plays as a midfielder for Stranraer.
Connor Menadue (born 19 September 1996) is a professional Australian rules footballer playing for the Richmond Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL).
Connor Michael Smith (born 18 February 1993) is an Irish footballer who plays as a midfielder for National League side Boreham Wood.
Connor, more commonly known as Dan Connor, (born 31 January 1981 in Dublin) is a retired Irish football goalkeeper formerly of Hereford United.
Connor Murphy (born March 26, 1993) is an American professional ice hockey defenceman who is currently playing for the Chicago Blackhawks of the National Hockey League.
Connor Murphy is the current Editor-in-Chief.
Connor Murray (born 24 April 1997) is a Scottish footballer, currently playing as a striker for Queen of the South in the Scottish Championship.
Connor Neil Kazuki O'Toole is an Australian professional footballer who plays as a left back for Brisbane Roar in the A-League.
Connor Neil Ralph Wickham (born 31 March 1993) is an English professional footballer who plays for Crystal Palace as a forward.
Connor Oliver (born 17 January 1994) is an English semi-professional footballer who plays as a defender or a midfielder.
Connor O'Neill is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera Neighbors, played by Patrick Harvey.
Connor Paolo (born July 11, 1990) is an American actor.
Connor Patrick Ronan (born 6 March 1998) is a professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Wolverhampton Wanderers.
Connor Peters (born 12 January 1996) is footballer.
Connor played for the Eastern Suburbs club in the years 1976 and 1977 as well as 1979 to 1980.
Connor played on Denver's recording, and toured with the singer.
Connor played the drums and sang and Jeff played the guitar parts and bass part on "Sketch Artist Composite" and "The Anatomy of the Journey".
Connor presently lives in Oldham, Manchester, England.
Connor Presley (born July 4, 1998) is an American soccer player who plays as a midfielder for San Antonio FC in the USL.
Connor Price (born November 11, 1994) is a Canadian actor.
Connor Questa discography or its inception, originally called as Marilina Connor Questa; a group of originating alternative rock of Buenos Aires, active between 2010 and 2015, Argentina has an EP, two albums of study, nine singles and seven official promotional video.
Connor Questa was a rock band from Argentina, formed in 2010 and dissolved in 2015.
Connor Rains (born March 25, 1992) is an American football offensive tackle who is currently a free agent.
Connor received the United States' highest award for bravery during combat, the Medal of Honor, for his action aboard the USS Howquah on 25 September 1864.
Connor recorded approximately 42 albums and several singles between the years 1949-2003.
Connor Rennie (born 1 April 1991) is a Scottish football defender who plays for Inverurie Loco Works in the Highland League.
Connor Rhys Brown (born 28 April 1997) is a Welsh cricketer.
Connor Rhys Hammell (born 27 September 1996) is an English footballer who plays as a midfielder for Keswick FC in Cumbria.
Connor Richard John Roberts (born 23 September 1995) is a Wales international footballer who plays for Swansea City.
Connor Riley-Lowe (born 10 January 1996) is an English professional footballer who plays for Truro City in the National League South as a left back.
Connor Robinson (born 23 October 1994) is a professional rugby league footballer who plays for the York City Knights in Kingstone Press League 1.
Connors also enjoyed a lengthy club career with Millstreet, winning one county championship medal.
Connors Brothers was purchased by George Weston in 1967, and he merged with BC Packers (Clover Leaf Seafood brand) of Steveston, British Columbia in 1995 before selling off the Clover Leaf brand in 1999.
Connors came to Northeastern from Waltham High School was a quarterback.
Connor Scarlett (born 1992) is an English actor from Crowborough, East Sussex.
Connor's Cottage is a single story, painted brick building with a corrugated iron roof.
Connor's Cottage is situated on Piesse Street in Toodyay, Western Australia.
Connors earlier withdrew his nomination as Country Male Vocalist of the Year.
Connors earned $50,000 first-prize money and a $7,000 new car.
Connor served as commander of the U.S. submarine forces from September 2012 until September 2015.
Connor served as President of the Australian Law Reform Commission from 1985 to 1987.
Connor's first number-one charted song was as a guest vocalist on Roll Deep's number-one single "Good Times".
Connors has also been elected to the Wakefield High School Hall of Fame.
Connor Shaw (born September 19, 1991) is a former American football quarterback.
Connor Sheehan (born 7 June 1987) is a Bahamian international soccer player, who most recently played in the Vancouver Metro Soccer League for Bombastic FC.
Connor Sheen (born 26 July 1996 in Liverpool) is an English professional squash player.
Connors held the position until 1989 before he moved to Bentley College to become the Falcons offensive coordinator.
Connor's House is a single story dwelling in Stirling Terrace, Toodyay, Western Australia.
Connors joined the team during the 1941 championship and was a regular member of the starting fifteen until his retirement following the completion of the 1948 championship.
Connors Lake has the name of John Connors, a pioneer.
Connors Lake is a lake in South Dakota, in the United States.
Connor's last game was August 9, 1899 with the Chicago Orphans.
Connor Smith (born 1 February 2002) is a Scottish professional footballer who plays for Hearts, as a midfielder.
Connor's music has been featured in television series such as The Real World (2013), Bad Girls Club (2013), Love Games (2013), Texas Big Tips (2014) and Kingpin (2003).
Connor sought to displace his overlord kinsman Hugh Maguire as Lord of Fermanagh.
Connor Sparrow (born May 10, 1994) is an American soccer player who currently plays for Real Salt Lake in Major League Soccer.
Connors played for the team that year, as well.
Connors quickly found success on the field and during the 1967 and 1968 seasons he guided the Huskies to a combined record of 13-4-0.
Connors received approximately 15,000 votes, while Notarianni placed second with 13,500 votes.
Connors remained with Bentley until 1997.
Connors retired from the position at the end of 2009 to focus on his family and volunteer work.
Connors Road and 98 Avenue both provide access to the downtown core.
Connor's seat was abolished in 2001 and he unsuccessfully contested the new seat of Mudgeeraba.
Connors started his career in the youth system of Fulham before joining Dagenham & Redbridge in 2011 to sign a two-year scholarship.
Connors State College is a public college located in Warner and Muskogee, Oklahoma.
Connors supported Ed Rendell's successful gubernatorial candidacy in 2002.
Connor's term came towards the end of the Illinois state budget crisis, when the House ruled 71-42 to override Governor Bruce Rauner's veto of a state budget package.
Connor Steven Randall (born 21 October 1995) is an English professional footballer who plays as a defender for Liverpool.
Connor Stevenson (born 23 August 1992) is a Scottish football midfielder who plays for Petershill.
Connor Stuart Ogilvie (born 14 February 1996) is an English professional footballer who plays primarily as a left back, but also as a center back, for Gillingham, on loan from Tottenham Hotspur.
Connor Stuart Roberts (born 8 December 1992) is a Welsh goalkeeper who plays for The New Saints in the Welsh Premier League.
Connorsville is an unincorporated community in Dunn County, Wisconsin, United States, located along the South Fork of the Hay River in the town of New Haven.
Connors was also the teams punter.
Connors was inducted in 1990 for excellence in football.
Connors was known for his fiery competitiveness, acrimonious relationships with a number of peers, and boorish behavior that pandered to American audiences, at a time when many more tournaments took place in the United States than at present.
Connors went on to play with the Long Island Bulls of the Atlantic Coast League in 1970.
Connor Swift (born 30 October 1995) is an English racing cyclist who rides for Madison Genesis.
Connors' work has been published in The Guardian, Harper's Magazine, Paris Review, n+1, Salon, and the London Review of Books.
Connors would go on to win several more Junos before returning them in protest of the awards honoring Canadian musicians who primarily make their career outside of Canada.
Connor Taras is a Canadian sport kayaker from Waverley, Nova Scotia, who was a silver medalist with the Canadian Men's K-4 1000 meters team at the 2011 Pan American Games.
Connor Taylor (born 5 September 1992) is an English footballer who plays for National League North side Leamington, where he plays as a midfielder.
Connor then persuaded the group to appear with him in cabaret in London's Celebrity Restaurant to promote the album.
Connor Thomas Barth (born April 11, 1986) is an American football kicker who is currently a free agent.
Connor Thomas Pain (born 11 November 1993) is an Australian professional football (soccer) player who plays as a forward for Central Coast Mariners.
Connor Tobin (born February 11, 1987 in Fort Collins, Colorado) is an American soccer player who plays for North Carolina FC in the United Soccer League.
Connor took charge of the Regiment in response to the pleas of its officers and men not to leave them under Sims's command, with the officers predicting mass desertion if that happened.
Connor Trinneer (born March 19, 1969) is an American film, stage, and television actor.
Connorville is an unincorporated community in Jefferson County, in the U.S. state of Ohio.
Connor v Pukerau Store Ltd [1981] 1 NZLR 384 is a cited case in New Zealand regarding "subject to finance" clauses in conditional contracts, which requires a purchaser to make all reasonable steps to obtain finance, including asking the vendor to finance the transaction.
Connor Walsh is a fictional character created in 2014 by Peter Nowalk.
Connor was 29 years old when he broke into the big leagues on July 11, 1892, with the Chicago Colts.
Connor was a right-handed batsman and a right-arm fast-medium bowler.
Connor was born in 1982 in Auckland, New Zealand.
Connor was born in Brooklyn, New York, United States, and raised in Worcester, Massachusetts.
Connor was born in Pueblo, Colorado.
Connor was born in Sydney, and was a businessman prior to his election.
Connor was born May 23, 1946 in Charleston, South Carolina to his parents George Connor and Mary Connor.
Connor was drafted 17th overall by the Winnipeg Jets in the 2015 NHL Entry Draft.
Connor was educated at St John's College, Auckland and ordained in 1966.
Connor was one of six Democrats to vote no.
Connor was one of the more experienced goalkeepers in the league, having previously played for Peterborough United, Waterford United and Drogheda United.
Connor Watson (born 31 May 1996) is an Australian professional rugby league footballer who plays for the Newcastle Knights in the National Rugby League.
Connor Weil is an American actor.
Connor went on to star and co-star in numerous Emmy Award-winning shows between the years of 2000 and 2010.
Connor Wentz (born September 9, 1994) is an American football tight end.
Connor Wesley Jones (born October 10, 1994) is an American professional baseball pitcher in the St. Louis Cardinals organization.
Connor Widdows (born January 27, 1992) is a Canadian actor.
Connor will be appearing in episode 2 of the new comedy White Van Man, starring Will Mellor, Clive Mantle and Joanna Page.
Connor William Dymond (born 12 September 1994) is an English professional footballer who plays as a midfielder.
Connor Williams (born 29 August 1998) is an English professional rugby league footballer, who currently plays for Hull Kingston Rovers in the Super League.
Connor Williams (born May 12, 1997) is an American football offensive guard for the Dallas Cowboys of the National Football League (NFL).
Connor Williams (born September 5, 1991) is a former Canadian football defensive lineman.
Connor Wilson (born in Johannesburg, South Africa on 18 December 1996) is a South African Alpine Skier.
Connor Wood (born May 29, 1993) is a Canadian professional basketball player for Paderborn Baskets of the ProA in Germany.
Connotations can be negative, positive, or neutral.
Connotations include unnaturalness, wrongness, evil, immorality, wickedness, and vice.
Connotations of depth, level, or locus are specifically disclaimed.
Connotations symposia are held biennially by the Connotations Society for Critical Debate.
Connotea also provided RSS feeds, allowing users to keep track of articles posted under interesting tags or by users with similar interests.
Connotea discontinued service on March 12, 2013.
Connotea had the capacity to export the references in RIS format to a citation manager program.
Connotea recognized a number of scientific websites and automatically collected metadata for the article or page being bookmarked, including author and publication names.
Connotea was a free online reference management service for scientists, researchers, and clinicians, created in December 2004 by Nature Publishing Group and discontinued in March 2013.
Connotea was aimed primarily at scientists (though the user community included other academic disciplines), and while users could bookmark any webpage they chose, it incorporated special functionality for certain academic resources.
Connoting the festival of the folk people of Chhattisgarh, lokotsav of Bastar starts with an enticing array of cultural events.
Conn played an active role in the fight against Hugh Roe, most notably during the Siege of Donegal in 1601.
ConnPost.com, including seven non-daily newspapers, from MediaNews Group, Inc. and assumed management control of three additional daily newspapers in Fairfield County, Conn., including The Advocate (Stamford), Greenwich Time (Greenwich), and The News-Times (Danbury), which had been managed for Hearst by MediaNews under a management agreement that began in April 2007.
Conn recalled in 1997 how the King Bees had come up with a six bar blues, which everyone used.
Conns Creek (also rendered Conn's Creek) is a stream in the U.S. state of Indiana.
Conn-Selmer, Inc. is an American manufacturer of musical instruments for concert bands, marching bands and orchestras.
Conn's experience in the private sector includes co-founding in 1986 Plasma & Materials Technologies, Inc. (PMT), and serving as Managing Director of Enterprise Partners Venture Capital (EPVC) from 2002 to 2008.
Conn's Inc. is an American furniture, mattress, electronics and appliance store chain headquartered in The Woodlands, Texas, United States.
Conn's mother was Catherine O'Neill, Countess of Tyrone, from the Magennis family of Iveagh.
Conn still became The King Bees' manager and promoter for some months in 1964, and they recorded and released "Liza Jane" as a single for the Decca Records label Vocalion Pop.
Conn, the Shaughraun is a 1912 Australian silent film directed by Gaston Mervale starring Louise Lovely based on a popular play by Dion Boucicault.
Connulpie, New South Wales is a remote civil Parish, of the County of Delalah a cadasteral division of New South Wales.
Conn was a doctor, and Patricia was a social worker who had worked in Glasgow for a period, and who had a background in housing activism.
Conn was also prominent in the Girl Guides leadership, and more recently has run a pick-your-own fruit farm.
Conn was a member of the New Zealand national side, the All Blacks, in 1976 and 1980.
Conn was appointed by Queen Elizabeth II as Lord Prior of the Order of Saint John in 2014.
Conn was co-executive producer for Shake It Up and took over the position as executive producer in Made in Japan.
Conn was considered the heir to the Earl of Tyrone by some, but this was not formally recognized because of the Crown's earlier attainder.
Conn was held in the Tower with a number of his relatives of the O'Neill and O'Donnell dynasties and may have lived in some comfort as was common for nobleman.
Conn was left behind when Tyrone, his wife Catherine and other supporters departed Ireland during the Flight of the Earls in 1607.
Conn was noted as having a post office in 1907.
Conn won a Walkley Award in 1999 for his coverage of the John the bookmaker controversy involving Australian cricketers Shane Warne and Mark Waugh.
Conny Bloom is the stage name for Ulf Conny Blomqvist, (born 23 November 1964 in Stockholm) who is a Swedish guitarist and songwriter.
Conny, Connie, Nele or Neele are popular German short forms used in their own right.
Conny Czymoch is a German journalist, television moderator, media coach and conference facilitator.
Conny Edholm is a Swedish sprint canoer who competed in the mid-1980s.
Conny Falk (born 30 November 1966) is a former professional tennis player from Sweden.
Conny & Jean were a singing duo in Germany in the 1970s and 1980s.
Conny Jepsen (January 18, 1921 - February 3, 1989) is a retired badminton player from Denmark and Sweden.
Conny Johansson (born July 17, 1971) is a former Swedish football player, who played as goalkeeper and currently works as goalkeeper coach for Halmstads BK.
Conny Klack, born 1940, is a Swedish footballer who played in Sandvikens IF before being transferred to GIF Sundsvall.
Conny Plank fell ill while touring in South America and finally succumbed to cancer in 1987.
Conny Plank took notice of Play Dead and turned down a contract to produce U2's "The Unforgettable Fire" to produce Play Dead's next album Company of Justice instead.
Conny Pohlers (born 16 November 1978, Halle) is a retired German football player.
Conobelus is a genus of belemnite, an extinct group of cephalopods.
Conoblemmus is a genus of crickets in family Gryllidae.
Conobrosis acervata (previously Euchaetis acervata) is a moth of the Oecophoridae family.
Con O'Callaghan (born April 1996) is a Gaelic footballer for Dublin and dual player in football and hurling for Cuala.
Conocara is a genus of slickheads found in the deep waters of the oceans.
Conocarpus erectus, commonly called buttonwood or button mangrove, is a mangrove shrub in the family Combretaceae.
Conocarpus lancifolius, one of two species in the genus Conocarpus, is a tree in the family Combretaceae native to coastal and riverine areas of Somalia, Djibouti, and Yemen.
Conocephalaceae consists of two known species and a number of cryptic species.
Conocephalinae is an insect subfamily in the family Tettigoniidae.
Conocephalites Barrande, 1852, is a disused name for a genus of trilobite, of which the species have now been reassigned to other genera.
Conocephalites elegans is a synonym for B. elegans.
Conocephalum conicum, the great scented liverwort, common mushroom-headed liverwort or snakeskin liverwort, is a liverwort species in the genus Conocephalum .
Conocephalum is a genus of thallose liverworts in the order Marchantiales.
Conocephalus aigialus, the seashore meadow katydid, is a species of meadow katydid in the family Tettigoniidae.
Conocephalus attenuatus, known generally as the long-tailed meadow katydid or lance-tailed meadow katydid, is a species of meadow katydid in the family Tettigoniidae.
Conocephalus brevipennis, the short-winged meadow katydid, is a species of meadow katydid in the family Tettigoniidae.
Conocephalus discolor, the long-winged conehead, is a member of the family Tettigoniidae.
Conocephalus fasciatus (common name slender meadow katydid) is a species of katydid of the family Tettigoniidae that is native to the United States and Canada.
Conocephalus gracillimus, the graceful meadow katydid, is a species of meadow katydid in the family Tettigoniidae.
Conocephalus is a genus of bush-crickets, known as coneheads (a term also applied to members of the related genus Ruspolia).
Conocephalus melanus is a species of Tettigoniidae (bush-crickets or katydids) found in China, Taiwan, Japan, Nepal, India, Thailand, Singapore and Indonesia.
Conocephalus nemoralis, the woodland meadow katydid, is a species of meadow katydid in the family Tettigoniidae.
Conocephalus nigropleurum, the black-sided meadow katydid, is a species of meadow katydid in the family Tettigoniidae.
Conocephalus occidentalis, the Pacific meadow katydid, is a species of meadow katydid in the family Tettigoniidae.
Conocephalus resacensis, the Brownsville meadow katydid, is a species of meadow katydid in the family Tettigoniidae.